What's the first place I go when I get back to Dartmouth? Dirt Dirt Cowboy Cafe! Ahhhh! My first coffee in four days...
:D
KMFDM at Paradise Rock Club with Crystal Gail
Excellent reunion with Crystal Gail and KMFDM
Bliss! Finally
I got a burrito bish
Spending some quality time with my favorite socialist Uffe Krag Kristensen, watching Game of Game of Thrones!
I just want to remind everyone that Saint Patrick was in fact Italian and lived in Roman Britain. So have fun being Irish today!
I do what I can to help society progress. And the Irish need A LOT of help.
Oh hell yeah! Just finished winter term!
Yes.
"I don't particularly like parenting... I find the whole process tedious and distracting. I prefer to focus on my work. Michael seems better suited for it, but he is a male and therefore I must assume he will make mistakes. I suppose it is important in the scope of life. I don't know... I'm looking forward to the time when my child's dependence on me comes to an end." -An anecdote from an Ivy League professor as she sits with a colleague eating overpriced yogurt from KAF. Your kid is going to be a very happy one, you soulless wretch.
Wow Chris, tell me how you really feel.
I glared at her until she left
I just found another reason to love Dartmouth. It's finals. Everyone's half dead in the library... I come out of the men's room, and a man is standing in the library orating loudly to everyone. Next thing I know, people are coming out of bookshelves and doorways and getting up from tables and the whole library fills with a surprise rendition of Les Miserables' "I Dreamed a Dream." Thanks for that Dartmouth. The shit that happens during finals.
I'm quite sure videos will be up soon.
I'm clean shaven bish
Don't forget Josephine Rose Coury Krag
When I grow up, I want to be just like her. Well, at least have her hair.
Don't lie. You were the mastermind behind the whole thing!
Last Dartmouth hockey game of the season with Uffe Krag Kristensen
Rawr fucking rawr
Win!
To all of my fellow rowers, its been a hell of a term. We put in a lot of work and I gotta admit, I wasn't sure I'd stick it out. You guys are awesome and you've done an outstanding job. It's been a pleasure to be part of such a motivated team. I'm looking forward to spring and beyond. Thanks guys
No weirdo! Read the post! I'm fucking motivated!
Go home, Zonia. You're drunk!
It definitely implies no such thing! Don't become a creative writing major!
hahahahaha
Whilst we sat tip and tapping and typing and tolling and toiling, we opened our eyes and closed our minds. We saw those words on the pages, those scribbles and squiggles and dots and lines. What a mess, the lot of it! I’ll have none of it. No more I say. I shan’t. I can’t. I won’t. When she came from the shadows with shovel in hand, I did not see her. She struck my skull with that cruel steel and I tumbled tragically to the cold, hard ground. She took a wisp of her auburn hair and placed it between her nose and her lips then hunched and glared at no one everywhere. Such a relief. No I may sleep. No! Wake! Now. Monkeys and dogs and that ravenous  crow… Be gone! What are you doing here anyhow? Woof! No? Why would I do that? Am I a hound? I mustn’t sleep. Can’t sleep. Why are there sparrows everywhere?
Woof.
NO ONE EVERYWHERE!
FUCKKKKKKKKKKKK
Simone D'Luna
I'll pretend that I'm kissing the lips I am missing... and hope that my dreams will come true...
you cant steal from the Beatles
...unless you're Charles Manson
I met with Phil Schaefer today, the author who is publishing a collection of Vietnam war stories. Last week I gave him an essay of about 2200 words and he said he's excited to include it. We went over some revisions today for a final draft, which went very well. Some of you have already read it, but if anyone is interested, contact me about reading the original. It is an account of some of my time in Iraq.
I've sent you all copies. Anyone from Dartmouth, I'll go through blitz. Anyone else, I'll send it directly over Facebook.
I'll send it to you guys when I get home
Thanks guys
I think I sent out to everyone who asked. Check your messages
I got you brodini
Sorry for missing you Adam. I just sent it to your blitz
sweet
Sorry I was busy dude! Sending it now!
So here is something you all never probably thought I'd say: last night, I went to see "The Vagina Monologues." Now, I only went because someone special was part of the show and I wanted to see her on stage. What I didn't know was how funny, sexy, inspiring, horrifically saddening and powerful it would be. The performance took me entirely by surprise. It was not 90 minutes of simply obnoxious feminist ranting, but rather scenes of thoughtfully crafted art using words and motion. I can say I was changed by the show and I highly recommend it. And I am not embarrassed i the slightest to say that.
I'm really glad I went, Josephine :)
A big thank you to everyone who came to listen to me and everyone else speak at Project Z. A special thanks to my friends who made me feel more comfortable getting up there and saying what I did and also getting the video so this could be shared. I hope we have the opportunity to do something like that again!
Thanks Kathleen
Friends, today I'll be speaking a military life and the transition to the civilian world as part of Project Z along with Victor Muchatuta Jr. Everyone has been asking what Project Z is and the answer is it's a lot like Ted Talks. In fact it pretty much is, but Dear Old Dartmouth lost their rights. Regardless, you should all come check it out. It will be held in the Filene auditorium of Moore at 4:30pm. It's free and there will be Panera (you've been bribed). Just thick, you might actually learn something. I'll be on a little after 5 as the night's final speaker so everyone will understand if you show up a little late. Just kidding! Come for as much of the event as you can!
It's okay! I'll just pretend you're in the audience
I'm being told I'm your successor and I've got a lot I need to prove
You did? Shit dude! Thanks!
Dear Dartmouth,
You're kicking my ass, but I love you all the same.
Sincerely,
Billy
A girl thought she was slick as she cut me, and about a dozen others, in line at KAF. I lets here friend order her libtard latte deluxe and then she proceeded to the register where I swiftly stepped around her, gave her smile and ordered my coffee. No one gets in the way of me and my coffee. Remember my face, because that was the last time I'll be nice about it.
I fuck bosses.
The Louvre?
Libtard Latte Delux
What about it?
Go you. I get to enjoy the wonders of Hanover for 10 days. Win.
By wonders, I mean bottles of bourbon and copious amounts of writing.
Elizabeth, you know I don't play around.
Quiet you. I had things to do and I wanted an apple and brie sandwich! Say something! Hate on that sandwich! I dare you! You'll be bombarded with a storm of a million FU bombs!!!!
BOOM!
Oh come on!!! I'm not that scary!
I elect that Ramunto's be barred from delivering to campus since I can't help but order from them. I know, very democratic of me. #fatboyproblems
DON'T. DON'T.
You see that shit? I punctuated TWICE! That means I'm serious as fuck!
BE GONE WITH YOU EVIL SPIRIT!
i don't like you right now
Only because I'm currently stuffing my face like a ravenous beast.
Hmm. I feel a mild sense of satisfaction in knowing that.
You made me want more noms! You were instigating!!!
Ryan, die in a fire.
Not everyone is a cheapskate who buys burnt pizza from EBA's and booze in plastic bottles. Some people have standards.
Everyone knows I'm very pro sundress. It's called bipartisanship
Apples and oranges man. Yoga pants serve an entirely different purpose from that of the sundress. It's science.
Maybe you should attend my seminar next summer.
It is possible to embrace one's love for both yoga pants and sundresses.
I remember when I was kid and I used to listen to the Offspring's "The Kid Aren't Alright," and I would think, "wow, I think this is going to happen to everyone around me." Well, I'm glad to say I'm not like Marcel, at home because he's got no job, just playing guitar and smoking pot. However, Jayme did have a chance, yeah she really did, and she did indeed drop out and have a couple of kids. Oh how the neighborhood's truly become cracked and torn.
And I'm not talking about all the potholes, William.
Being white, I am inherently racist, privileged and oppressive.
Sarcasm.
I was satirizing their apparent beliefs.
I'm sure you speak for the entire delegation :)
Well this is welcome news. I suppose I should take this down.
nah
yeah! to hell with those honkey mahfahs
Mitt Romney's black.
Whether or not you can become great at something, you can always become better at it.
Nothing pumps my nada like listening to Madonna's "Like a Prayer" while I'm erging in a room full of half naked men. Talk about motivation!
Haters gonna hate
Thanks Dave!
Hooray! I get to stay in school! And without being financially crippled! Thanks Dartmouth, you're the best! Let's get really drunk this term and do unspeakable things to people we are never gonna again! Let's do that!
Dear Dartmouth students, excessive public displays of affection are rude and obnoxious, plus, for reasons too big for this post, you're all for the most part pretty bad at it. You do it in doorways or in the line to get coffee. And you know how I feel about my coffee. Nobody wants to see you eating each other's faces, especially while they are eating lunch. Oh, By the way, chances are your relationship is gonna fail or you will both be miserable, just a heads up.
Wow Frank that was mean.
I'm so glad I have friends that feel the same as I do hahaha
That's what my friend told me when she read this!
I told you I'd settle for this 
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151423158355844&set=a.132500225843.129740.11008265843&type=1&theater
Hey! She twisted her ankle and I was.being a gentleman. She decided it was the perfect opportunity for a photo.
You got to have  a balanced approach to touching people in public
Well it's okay if they are strangers!
You can't just simply choose not to want something anymore, even if you want to.
I am humbled to know that someone wakes up and looks forward to seeing my extreme and often obscene statements on Facebook. Elizabeth Johansen, you are a tiny ball of wonderful, and you made my day. Moving on, Teddy Henderson, you're sitting next to me in international relations today. You better be smooth like butter. Am I joking? Test me.
It's a necessary evil.
Wait... what the hell? You're from Westford! There's no traffic!
My prof asked the class to compare their college writing experiences to the ones we had in high school. I told the class I don't remember high school.
They all thought I was joking too haha
It's nice to be reunited with Dartmouth's best and worst!
Steph Pareja, is pretty cool too, but only cool enough for a comment mentioning :D
Everywhere!
And just like that, I'm back at Dartmouth.
You're in France this term right?
Oh shick dude!
One of the great things about Dartmouth, unlike Boston, is that there aren't many people who consider 50 Shades of Grey to be "great literature." Troglodytes everywhere!
My first coffee of 2013 is so perfect right now.
Ah the people on the train. How they make me think. Like when I see someone and I think, "man I'm glad I'm not that ugly." Or "like wow dude, you're girls really fat and you're a tiny Asian man like Vince Masuka. How's that work?" Or "thank god I'm not.Irish." yeah. The train.
Steph
No.
I'm sorry I like Sun bathing and aging well
Right on. I'll take my hair greying instead of balding and my significant endowment
<3
I have one thing to say about my 2012 experience: Dartmouth College. That is all.
I love it when I go to get coffee and its already been made to order before I even say anything or even get to the register :)
There's no such thing!
Eight more days and its back to Dartmouth!
I have IHOP and lots of it. Nothing else matters right now
Want a real glimpse at human nature? Stand in the way of someones mocha latte.
You've seen me order my coffee. I get murderous.
Finally gittin mah hurr didd
Hahaha no Hooker
Oh you is!
A kind word in advance,  don't include me in your fucking mass text wishing everyone merry Christmas. Because when I start getting the "you too brah" from random people, I'm gonna start trolling the fuck out of them. Also, if youre going to send a mass text, at least make.it interesting instead of some paralyzed tongue, mouth breather "merry Christmas." Now, prepare to enjoy your fucking holiday.
Thanks Krag. Fuck you Ryan West
Whore
Carlos, you know I don't speak Spanish.
Dave, you're breaking my heart. How will I ever cope with such a slight?
Condoms are for chumps. I'm here to promote bastardy
Ha! I didn't say I was going to acknowledge them.
Friends don't let friends fuck each other's soulmates.
You heard
Listen up, hooker. Shit gets real out there in the world
Nope.
But this is: "There's no cure for bein' a cunt."
Your brain small
fucking savage
I'm exploiting the progressive downfall of humanity
Watching "Friends with Benefits" finally. I'm wondering if Mila Kunis' happy "O" scream is really like that. It was pretty cool.
Is Christmas seriously in five days? Ugh.
Oh thank god!
I didn't even do any shopping so this is a huge relief.
Meh
Quiet you fat moosh brain fuck!
A suit case to put you in so I can take you everywhere
And a gag to keep you quiet :)
Ahahahaha
I love how I'm cooking pork burritos when its almost midnight.
Nope! Nothing at all!
Why do I bother following Massachusetts politics anymore? It's like voluntarily making my day start off badly.
Casterly Rock Security. Well played Elementary. And they make vaults, because Lannisters shit gold!
I can't believe I have to retire my Youkilis jersey. I can't believe I have to box up my signed bat ball. And yet, I find I'm not mad that he is a Yankee. I don't blame him. I blame the front office for all the nonsense over the past 3-4 years. Still I would would've rather seen him reunited with Francona in Cleveland. Ughh baseball... you make my heart sad.
so unsubscribe cunt fuck
EMERREEEEEEEEEEE!!!! D:
he went to Thailand! hahahhaha
no joke!
My apartment building reeks of third world cooking and sounds of screaming bastard children and the bleating of crackheads... Dear old Dartmouth, hear my prayer...
I figured as much, scumbag!!!
It seems while I was away at Dartmouth the junkies multiplied. They're such wretched creatures. No you cannot have a cigarette you filthy mouth breather. And so you know, when someone has headphones in, that means fuck off. They are a blight of society.
Oh fuck yeahh! Flash Gordon is on-demand bitches!
Flash! Aaah-aaah
Hahaha teddy
I miss my Dirt Cowboy coffee!
I'm suffering from withdrawals
You got jury duty?
I think Anders Skovgaard Hansen doesn't want to be on our viber thread anymore, Ryan, Rodrigo, Nancy , Uffe Krag Kristensen. I think he feels he's too good for us. Or maybe he just hates me because of all the Nazi references I make about him. Its his own goddam fault for being tall, blonde ans blue eyed with a jaw like a fucking anvil!
Look at you! Aegon the Conquerer in the making!
Hahaha
More like Viserys
I heart you all so hard
The only thing worse than political ignorance is political misguidance.
?
Apache helicopters are boss!
I love how my phone knows how to use caps when I say Game of Thrones when using talk-to-text!
I wish
My phone doesn't talk to me but if it did I would have it as your roller coaster voice!
How thoughtful!
Gotta love how the Orange line still stinks of burnt hair and fried Piss. And all of the wonderful junkies that it carries. Let's not forget them.
I just want to say, FUCK YOU Anders Skovgaard Hansen and Uffe Krag. Because of you two, I'm now getting Danish ads all over my FB. Thanks douchers.
Sheila how the fuck do always like my statuses so fast?!
Awww that's so heart warming!
They're currently advertising The Hobbit
You socialist Scumbag. Miss you! Du bust ein grosse fotze!
Bist* fuck you auto correct. How dare you be a cunt when I'm posting.
Because all those things are what make life worth living! Especially Italian girls!
And I know they don't have yoga pants I'm your sovereign state of troglodytes, this is.America goddammit! And we love girl bum and the accentuating thereof!
Ughh... Christmas is everywhere...
No!
So pumped for the Pats to make another failed playoff run!
Yeah. Your Cardinals suck ahahahha!
And I want you to focus on just how obnoxious that laugh was!
The win you guys neverrrrrrr should've had!!!!
Meh. I don't really give a shit anyhow. I'm pissed theres no hockey so I hope theres a freak tornado on the Super Bowl field and everyone fucking loses! ahahahah!
AND THEY DON'T GET PAID!!!
Mike Tyson is touring the country performing an autobiographical monologue.
I'm informing people!
Get me one Dr. Henderson!
Wayyyyy too expensive
hahahahahaahahahaahahhahahahahaahhaah
i almost pissed myself
blahahahahaa
i fucking miss you
fuck yeah bro congrats!
Remember when your mom showed your friends those naked baby pictures of you? Remember how embarrassing that was? Now you've posted them o the internet. Good job moms! Your modernization of motherhood is incredible.
I know thanksgiving is done, but I am thankful for my pannini press. At least that was here when I got back.
French girls, a lonely ninja, me, margaritas and burritos. A recipe for awesomeness!
Well you are French!
Finally reuniting with my wife (for tax purposes), Liz Celata!
Ah, Boston, I missed your lovely stench!
I'm leaving Dartmouth after an awesome first term! It was an incredible experience. I've never learned so much in such a short period of time. It was a real challenge and a big change, but it is also the best thing that has ever happened to me. To the friends I've made this term, thank you for making it such a wonderful experience and for helping me adjust. Thank you for making me feel right at home and for all the awesome times we had and the many more to come!
Yes, Emeree, bru sky bru all day.
I expect brews, Adam.
Just a few more pages and I'm all done! :)
hey!
Don't be heartsad brodini!
Gotta love Dartmouth! Only here is it normal for a group of girls to come crashing into your exam streaking and tossing candy while singing "happy finals!" Not only did it happen once, but twice! My only regret is that I did not have a prof armed with a super soaker!
Hahaha sucks for you!
TWICE!
that, and they heard I was gonna be there. They can't resist my testosterone driven intensity!
Borgia...
Nancy, please don't make Uffe Krag describe this dude's dick.
Molly's tonight Krags!
I probably will do that as well! Time-ish?
One sexy final and the rest of my paper and I am done! Blehhhh
Finish A Dance with Dragons... mehh now what to do? I guess I can either study or drink myself into a coma to deal with the fact that it's going to be like five years until the next book. Damn you George R.R. Martin!
I got it for Nook. I don't know how to... I... meh
Or Wheel of Time!
You will want to skip, but theres important stuff.
This is a series of chapters between the last two books if you want to attempt to read them simultaneously.
Prologue (Varamyr): ADWD 1
Prologue (Pate): AFFC 1
The Prophet (Aeron I): AFFC 2
The Captain of Guards (Areo I): AFFC 3
Cersei I: AFFC 4
Tyrion I: ADWD 2
Daenerys I: ADWD 3
Brienne I: AFFC 5
Jon I: ADWD 4
Bran I: ADWD 5
Tyrion II: ADWD 6
The Merchant’s Man (Quentyn I): ADWD 7 ^
Samwell I: AFFC 6
Jon II: ADWD 8
Arya I: AFFC 7
Cersei II: AFFC 8
Jaime I: AFFC 9
Brienne II: AFFC 10
Sansa I: AFFC 11
The Kraken’s Daughter (Asha I): AFFC 12
Tyrion III: ADWD 9
Davos I: ADWD 10
Jon III: ADWD 11
Daenerys II: ADWD 12
Reek I (Theon I): ADWD 13
Cersei III: AFFC 13
The Soiled Knight (Arys): AFFC 14
Bran II: ADWD 14
Tyrion IV: ADWD 15
Davos II: ADWD 16
Brienne III: AFFC 15
Samwell II: AFFC 16
Daenerys III: ADWD 17
Jon IV: ADWD 18
Jaime II: AFFC 17
Tyrion V: ADWD 19
Cersei IV: AFFC 18
Davos III: ADWD 20
The Iron Captain (Victarion I): AFFC 19
The Drowned Man (Aeron II): AFFC 20
Brienne IV: AFFC 21
The Queenmaker (Arianne I): AFFC 22
Arya II: AFFC 23
Alayne I (Sansa II): AFFC 24
Cersei V: AFFC 25
Reek II (Theon II): ADWD 21
Jon V: ADWD 22
Tyrion VI: ADWD 23
Daenerys IV: ADWD 24
The Lost Lord (Jon Connington I): ADWD 25
The Windblown (Quentyn II): ADWD 26
The Wayward Bride (Asha II): ADWD 27
Brienne V: AFFC 26
Samwell III: AFFC 27
Jaime III: AFFC 28
Tyrion VII: ADWD 28
Jon VI: ADWD 29
Davos IV: ADWD 30
Cersei VI: AFFC 29
The Reaver (Victarion II): AFFC 30
Daenerys V: ADWD 31
Melisandre I: ADWD 32
Jaime IV: AFFC 31
Brienne VI: AFFC 32
Reek III (Theon III): ADWD 33
Tyrion VIII: ADWD 34
Cersei VII: AFFC 33
Jaime V: AFFC 34
Cat of the Canals (Arya III): AFFC 35
Samwell IV: AFFC 36
Cersei VIII: AFFC 37
Brienne VII: AFFC 38
Jaime VI: AFFC 39
Cersei IX: AFFC 40
The Princess in the Tower (Arianne II): AFFC 41 ^
Bran III: ADWD 35
Jon VII: ADWD 36
Daenerys VI: ADWD 37
The Prince of Winterfell (Theon IV): ADWD 38
The Watcher (Areo II): ADWD 39
Jon VIII: ADWD 40
Tyrion IX: ADWD 41
The Turncloak (Theon V): ADWD 42
The King’s Prize (Asha III): ADWD 43
Daenerys VII: ADWD 44
Alayne II (Sansa III): AFFC 42
Jon IX: ADWD 45
Brienne VIII: AFFC 43
Cersei X: AFFC 44
Jaime VII: AFFC 45
Samwell V: AFFC 46
The Blind Girl (Arya IV): ADWD 46
A Ghost in Winterfell (Theon VI): ADWD 47
Tyrion X: ADWD 48
Jaime VIII: ADWD 49
Jon X: ADWD 50
Daenerys VIII: ADWD 51
Theon VII: ADWD 52
Daenerys IX: ADWD 53
Jon XI: ADWD 54
Cersei XI: ADWD 55
The Queensguard (Barristan I): ADWD 56
The Iron Suitor (Victarion III): ADWD 57
Tyrion XI: ADWD 58
Jon XII: ADWD 59
The Discarded Knight (Barristan II): ADWD 60
The Spurned Suitor (Quentyn III): ADWD 61
The Griffin Reborn (Jon Connington II): ADWD 62
The Sacrifice (Asha IV): ADWD 63
Victarion IV: ADWD 64
The Ugly Little Girl (Arya V): ADWD 65
Cersei XII: ADWD 66
Tyrion XII: ADWD 67
The Kingbreaker (Barristan III): ADWD 68
The Dragontamer (Quentyn IV): ADWD 69
Jon XIII: ADWD 70
The Queen’s Hand (Barristan IV): ADWD 71
Daenerys X: ADWD 72
Epilogue (Kevan): ADWD 73
Not here at home
Blehhhhhh! Can't wait until finals are done so I can go home and nerd out harddd with Assassin's Creed III and Black Ops 2. Judge me.
Melanie, there's some new Skyrim DLCs out as well! I'm gonna play the shit outta them! Woohoo!
Darbytron, will you be engaging in Native American assassin activities as well?
I never denied being a nerd!
FREEDOM!!!
hahaha I hear you! I have my thesis so from there i should be good!
Good luck!
Does anyone have an extra suitcase I can borrow?
bit h quit creepin
"Though I would treasure your friendship, I'm mainly interested in your facility with murder." -Tyrion
Oh herlllz yerrrrrrzzz! Government paper is done!!!!
WHY THE FUCK IS THIS GIANT OBNOXIOUS PIECE OF FARM EQUIPMENT TEARING UP THE GOLDSTEIN LAWN AND MAKING SO MUCH NOISE?! WHY?! IT'S FUCKING FINALS YOU DUMB FUCKS!!!! I'M GOING TO THROW A WRENCH IN YOUR ENGINE YOU UNION SCUMBAGS!
undereducated/overpaid/underworked.
Whoa dude, I think you been hanging out with Waltrick PAsh too much bro.
you piece of shit!!!!
There's something rotten in the state of... Dartmouth?
ARE DEAD!!!!!!
they're not yours...
and they were definitely killed by pirates!
...or were they? 0_o
Uffekrantz and Anderstern
People, we've been through the salad bar thing how many times now? SHUT UP! I mean, does it seem like a good idea to blab while holding me up in front of the fucking cucumbers? Look at me. I'm angsty as fuck! Why would you risk it? Why do I physically have to move you out of my way to acquire my lima beans and wheat berries? Why?
#oursisthefury
Now I'm gonna get a cookie, and if anyone fucks with me, I'm gonna eat their goddamn face!
I miss my sexy Brazi oanda
Wait! Fuck you
Panda*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGz5lLot4Q0
How do you like me now?!
Welp, it only took 3 and a half seconds for me to remember why I hate Collis. #freshmangirlsbeforecoffeemakemewannapunchbabies
Only at Dartmouth:

in the winter of 1985 the brothers of Heorot attempted to turn the central hall on the first floor of the house into an ice hockey rink by flooding it and opening the doors to allow Hanover's subzero winter temperatures to freeze the water. This caused the floor to fall through into the basement, resulting in costly damage that the national organization refused to help pay to fix. Because of this lack of support from the national, Heorot again opted to become a local fraternity, and the college assumed ownership of the property and house.
So what your saying is that I shouldn't rush Heorot next fall...
you have no idea how amusing I find this. There's a top notch engineering school just down the way and some of the brightest minds in America, and this happened! hahahaha fucking priceless!
I am loving the Call of Duty Black Op 2 theme by Trent Reznor. Seriously, he is one of the most brilliant musical minds ever!
ermahgerd! ryan said homo! that's so nottt PC! Let's get offended!
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy veterans day. It does mean a lot and I hope everyone took the time to recognize what yesterday was about. It's something important. Generations of veterans have kept America safe and will continue to do so. So if you're feeling sorry for yourself, just think, you could be in another country studying or playing video games or taking a nap, and a 120mm mortar could come crashing through your ceiling and ruin your day big time. America's veterans make sure that doesn't happen here. Thank you.
Thanks dude
I hope someday I can write an epic novel then have it made into a movie and have Hans Zimmer compose the original score.
the lead role of course
Last night we went hard and I don't feel bad!
Dear Dartmouth, I heart you so hard
D'awwwww Nancity :v
:v :v :v
I'd like to thank Ryan West, David Brooks and Dartmouth veterans for a wonderful night and the copious amount of free wine I was able to take complete advantage of.
You: here grab a bottle
Me: I don't think we can just be holding bottles of wine, bro. 
You: Yes. We. Can.
Booze+chicks+ ramuntos= happiness
....I threw up in my mouth while erging a few minutes ago.
I'm pretty sure its a healthy sign.
Filling my mind with sword fights and quests! Horselords and incest! Wait what?!
That moment when you Education prof references "Mean Girls." Welcome to the Ivy League.
that awkward moment when your bf looks like mike the situation #whitegirlproblems
#VPofmyfanclub
#whymyschoolisbetter
I did use them properly. Punctuation is inside quotes
It's a fucking typo doucher
more like yer face!
Woohoo!!! All courses are registered for winter term!!!
It's Dartmouth. Of course I am. ;)
Three words: voter qualification tests.
this is what happens when stupid people are allowed to vote. People who are not education about government.
i didnt say that. You need to take a test to drive a car. You should need to take a test to elect officials.
because people don't know what they're voting for.
Ladies and gentlemen, we seriously do not want to deal with six years of Elizabeth Warren. We need a senator who won't simply nod, smile and vote according to party leaders. A vote for Scott Brown is a vote against politics-as-usual! We don't need a turncoat. We need someone who isn't concerned with political advancement, but rather the welfare and prosperity of his/her constituents. Vote Scott Brown... or he's just gonna come back after Kerry leaves his seat vacant!
And all of you district 6 voters, vote Tisei! He's the man!
Anders Skovgaard Hansen: they're writing Obama stuff. 
Me: dammit! I have to walk through this crap.
Anders: I hope it rains.
I love seeing all the southern girls getting all excited over their first snow. Oh silly southerners, you have no idea what's coming nor how much you're going to hate it!
Winter is Coming bitch! :p
hahahahaha
AAAAHHHH DEXTER!!!!
you know there are people on my facebook who might now know that....
quiet ninja
ill be home in like 17 days
thanks lol
This mock Senate session has been intense!
no they tabled the motion but 2 of my amendments made it on the final bill
Dartmouth Hockey Opener vs. Yale today!!!!! GO BIG GREEN!!!!
False. Your school sucks!
Some days, I think it would be great if all the '16s had to wear muzzles in public. I have found more enjoyment out of the soud of sea gulls squawking at each other over stale french fries than from their squeaky meaningless conversations. Maybe this angst is because it is Thursday and because it is Thursday, it is not yet Friday. Woo '16s!
Winter is Coming. Coffee is Needed.
you don't know what you're talking about Stepphers.
Yes. But Winter IS Coming, therefore it is much more important!
-_____________-
GET OUT OF THAT REFRIGERATOR RIGHT NOW!!!!!!
why do people keep telling me that they want to live vicariously through me? Ryan West, Stephanie Nguyen, this is too much pressure.
Full of what?!
Why....thank you!
You've said it 4 times this term
Oh Dartmouth, I really do love you, but why are you making me go to class on Saturday? Especially 10-4?! That's really cruel.
Breaking my fast with eggs and Dexter :D
hope you're as hot and bothered as I am!
Stephanie DeCross sits on a throne of lies and sings songs of deceit.
West/Henderson '12
Be on the look out for Uffe Krag Kristensen. Last seen masturbating in Rodrigo Amboss's closet with Ryan West.
Thank you to my friends and fellow '15s and '16s for an awesome first Homecoming! And even more thanks to all those who cheered my old as on as I ran around the fire!
YES!
You were on the wrong side of the fire!
Ha!
Do you really think I know the answer to that? I ran until 950. That's all I know!
What a great way to kick off Homecoming! Had so fun much MUCH NEEDED FUN last night!!! Keep it coming betches!
Jesus Christ on a stick! I need the weekend now!
youre on a bike
Dear lord, we give thanks this chilly morning... for yoga pants!
I love how baker Bell tower just played "The Final Countdown"
Ladies, we've been over this. No one standing in the line at the salad bar gives a shit about what color you're going to paint your nails or which bro you hooked up with last night or what retarded costume you plan to wear for halloween. The people here care about salad and that's it. You pretty little idiots.
you've seen me physically exert myself trying to be patient with some of these people. My eyes look like there is a nuclear holocaust happening inside them.
prease now
I had to remove Fox from my Facebook after Krauthammer said, "it is was obvious Romney won the debate" last night. I'm sorry, that's just pure ignorance and I'm insulted as a voter.
Romney did really well. Obama was just spot on with the one liners and kept cutting him off. Romney very important pitch about the navy was over shadowed by Obamas "bayonets and horses" joke. Playing politics.
I hear you there
9-9-9 YAW HONKEY MAHFAH
"I don't run. I make people run... However, I do run if there's a bull coming after me with an ax."
dude that kill house he set up was freaky!!!
Ryan? Amaris Sayo are you on his account?!
were you unaware? lol
I'm glad I was able to save you from yourself lol
I have to go study now... and by study, I mean watch Dexter!
Finally getting around to The Walking Dead! :D
FUCK! I NEVER THOUGHT ABOUT THE ZOMBIES IN RIOT GEAR! FUCK! FUCK! Now I have start prepping all over! FUCK!
It's melee resistant.
that is very true
Looking at flights to Brasil for winter break!
yeah too bad this song doesnt lower the fare!
no you weirdo
Brazis are like guinea broads, without the obnoxious sense of entitlement!
Big bums, big eyes and tan lines <3
A girl just really suggested we move our midterm from Thursday to Tuesday because Homecoming is next week. Homecoming... Yeah, I get it school spirit is cool, but c'mon sweety, you're smart enough to be here.You can attend the bon fires and gangbangs after your midterm. You pretty little idiot.
No, everyone here is smart enough to be here. I'll give them that. This isn't Yale.
The priorities of an 18 year old lol. Yale is cheaper, but a lot of people get financial assistance here. I believe about 50-60% receiving an average of about 30% assistance.
That's why I said it ;)
I did think it was a nice touch. I'm glad I can spur such a humorous response via FB lol
Finally, I can watch Dexter. Pray that I never have to wait until a wednesday again...
So yeah... I'm pretty sure we just had an earthquake
The link I shared earlier that has so many people going right now is a real thing. However, it is not a new thing. Campaign managers and staffers in elections up and down the political totem poll do this almost all the time. It is their way of protecting their bosses. It might seem cheap and unfair, but it is how the politics are played.
Little fun fact for all of my Game of Thrones nerdlings out there, series executive producer David Benioff is a Dartmouth alumnus from the class of '92. Perhaps one day I will be so boss.
Sure thing bro!
Not gonna lie, I'm man crushing a little bit.
I'm pretty sure Ryan West killed Rodrigo Amboss last night and me and Uffe Krag Kristensen resurrected the shit out of him!
At least you look like a badass war hero
No this is not underwear! They're compression shorts and I'm wearing them because its fucking raining!
you know nothing!
Now I can never marry a perfumed lord! What will me poor savage father say?!
Not one, but two fucking ravens almost hit me in the fucking face. Ughh what a dreadful omen for how my day will be!
well aren't you a sweetheart
-___-
shut the fuck up!
You need to be put down old man 0_o
We are skilled craftsmen. We are friends with the water. In our trade, we make puddles. You need puddles. The world needs puddles. Puddles are necessary.
I heart rowing so hard!
Uffe Krag wears skinny jeans and orange Crocs and sings Zoobi Zoobi Zoo in public
He's really good at it.
FACT: Sibel Kekilli, known for playing the role of "Shae" on the HBO series "Game of Thrones," is a former German pornstar. Ah life!
Jen, I'm going to direct you to re-read the post and then you see if you still wanna ask that question
well, sweetheart, there's this wonderful tool we Dartmouth kids love to use called "Google." Try it out, it's pretty boss ;)
:D
http://sharetv.org/images/game_of_thrones/cast/large/shae.jpg
thanks google! you're awesome!
It's ya face!
Somebody ought to teach you the Way of the Seven Sighs
i'd say....GOOGLE THAT SHIT!!!!!
"I am Jack's raging bile duct."
And on the eighth day, God created yoga pants... and men were thankful!
Chrissy, you know I'm like an excited puppy when I see a nice bum. Do not start to pick it apart
lmao!
I approve!
I appreciate the little things in life. Like pants that accentuate the beauty of a sick dumpa
Only at Dartmouth will you find a mass of 18,19,20 year olds watching the presidential debate with great interest in every building... and making a drinking game out of it!
WOOOH!!! Tendonitis in the leg! Go me! And I have a midterm tomorrow! Life is good... blehhhhhh
im on a quarter system. 10 week terms. everything other schools teach in 20+ weeks crammed into ten
Ah Ramunto's, I heart how your pizza is not crap and actually delicious and how you have canolis. And most of all, how you're going to bring both to me right now :)
do you really? lol
you can't have any of my canoli lol
you can have half :)
Enjoying the crap food at late night Collis because Ill never be fat. Suck it.
Collis is open to you too!
-___- you're a peanut
You're tiny
????
you also weigh about as much as a box of unsalted crackers lol
smile. It looks better on you.
i did lol
I'm a man of my word.
i relayed the message ;)
Aw Yeaaaaahh DExter is finally On-Demand bitches!!! Setting up the plastic wrap and throwing on the old apron!
im watching it now!
it wasnt on on-demand :/
yes! It's fucking intense!
Someone may have... it's gonna be an awesome season XD
WHY THE FUCKKKKKKKK ISN'T DEXTER AVAILABLE ON DEMAND?!!!!?!?!?! RAAAAAWWWWWWWWWRRRRHHH
Duct tape, Check. 300 yards of plastic wrap, check. 20 heavy duty black trash bags, check. Eclectic collection of knives, check. Bone saw, check. Now I'm ready for the season premiere of Dexter tonight!!!! :D
I'm already wearing it!
Thanks rush for making my Saturday night lame.
Thanks for the support Emily   lol
I'm watching Due Date lol
Trust me I understand
Exploring ERMAHGERDS is awesome
Dear Dirt Cowboy Cafe, you're the reason my heart beats. No seriously. Without your Italian blend and espresso I am positive I would go into cardiac arrest. Love Billy
I'm addicted. Averaging 2.7 coffees a day
sice I got here August 30th, and not counting the days I was on my trip, I think only 3 or 4 days have come and gone that I didnt go there at least once.
I'm probably going again in a little bit lol
im in my room now. Where is yours?
goldstei 407
how bout like 10 min?
Glorious!
no way! You should have seen how awesome we felt when we got our coffee! There's no way that can't be healthy! No way!
Stephers agrees
So I throw some strips of chicken and beef on my salad because according to my religion I can't eat any meal that doesn't contain something that didn't die to get on my plate. I look up and see signs reading "mock chicken" and "mock beef." I can't begin to tell you how appalled I am right now.
John Bisky
No they are not, Max. They still have shit going on!
It's 46 degrees and raining. I think that's perfect weather for rowing.
I'm starting to miss the raspy voices of scumbags and the stink of the air in Boston.
You're all a bunch of assholes and I love you
Ladies, you're impeding my ability to procure my salad. The salad bar is not the proper place for you to stop and discuss geopolitics and what color you plan to paint your nails tonight. I care as much about your conversation as the spinach and tomatoes do; the very same spinach and tomatoes you are preventing access to. Stay out of my way when I'm getting my fucking salad.
No respect I tell ya!
No way dude. I'm just here cuz of affirmative action like Morgan over there
'MERICA!
This Morgan feller happens to be more American than you or I, brodini. We stole his fuckin land. Don't tell him... but I'd steal that shit again. This place is great.
You... son of a manahononyyy
Thank you.
The day I have had today is one that has made me stop ad take time to really appreciate the opportunity that Dartmouth has give me, not just academically, but also with sports and the many people I have met in the short time I have been here. I am really loving it here!
Thanks man! Iwill!
I just want to clarify a few things. If someone uses the term "rapist glasses," they are NOT condoning rape, they are in fact saying "hey dude, your glasses look creepy." Also, if someone uses the word "retarded," chances are they are not making fun of individuals with mental disabilities, but rather remarking that situation, an act or some other element of any given equation is either morally or logically incorrect in some way. Finally, quit being a whiny immature fool who makes it a point to complain about every little thing that isn't politically correct. YOU ARE WATERING DOWN THE STRENGTH OF AMERICAN SOCIETY!
hush you sassy mouth!
-____-
errmegerrdd i derddd
Thank you secret service for screwing up my route to class
Welcome to Dartmouth Joe Biden. Dont forget to say something stupid before you leave.
Go fuck yourself Cara. I have no candidate except Brown.
Squirrels a Dartmouth, some bold ass motherfuckers.
Them chipmunks too! Ruffigans! The lot of them!
And they dont give a shit!
Awesome crew practice in the pouring rain! Love it!
I'm gonna skullfuck you
Sometimes you gotta slay a few dragons before you can get to the princess.
I love you for saying that!
Boardwalk Empire!!!!
Yeaaa HBOgo babyyy
It's gonna such a good season with so many themes
So let me get this straight. You're a philosophy major, but you have no intent on going to law school? Are you retarded?
I'm officially a Mac user once again!
"I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples, bastards and broken things."
Take a moment to think about Glen Doherty, a former Navy SEAL from Winchester, ma who gave his life yesterday defending American lives at the consulate in Benghazi. Thank you for your sacrifice brother.
“If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, it expects what neverwas and never will be.” -Thomas Jefferson
Whether or not you see yourself as a patriot, today is a day in which everyone should reflect, even if only for a moment, on how blessed we are as Americans, but how there are also those who hate us for who we are. Remember that the New York City skyline looked so very different, and that near 3,000 son,daughters, mothers and fathers died 11 years ago today. I know it stings. I know it's unsettling. But remember, because what happened can never be forgotten.
Crew (Rowing) tryouts for this old man! Why not right?
yeah i just hope it fits my schedule
-_______-
First day of classes in the Ivy League!
My crew team tryout is this afternoon also!
When there are no more virgins left at Dartmouth... then you have my permission to graduate.
I am Dartmouth's reckoning...
Whoaa hey buzz killington
Melissa Lynn Tittington!
You're a dirty pirate hooker!
:D
You gotta admit it was a clever status
Don't hate piss face
You know you're going to do alright as a student of the Ivy League when you can drink until 330am and still get up for 730 doctor's appointment. Yeah, going faah kehd
I learned to play beer pong with a paddle last night... It was retarded
I'm so fucking hungover and I'm at info sessions talking to professors. Uggghhh
Adam you gotta get up here some time!
Freshmen, how they flock like a murder of hungry crows...
No! Lol
I fucking love you!
Finally!
Last day in MA til November! Starting my Dartmouth adventure tomorrow with five days of hiking Mt. Zealand and rock climbing!!!! So pumped!
I'll take pictures!
Eggplant rolitini, clams marinara, and pork chops stuffed with mozzarella and prosciutto with fetticini and mushrooms saltimbocca from Massimo's. Friggin stuffed!
Do women pick ugly bride's maids to make themselves feel prettier after eating a pint of Hagen Daas before they walk down the aisle? just wondering. I see lots of fat/ugly bride's maids lately.
Laity, for a bride as gorgeous as yourself, I would expect nothing less!
Kaity* ahhh and you're welcome
Guinea broads!
It's an honest post based on observations. You forgot cynical by the way.
One last game at Fenway
Oh and some French chick who complains every time I tag her! :D
Holy moly I cant believe I am outta here in 11 days! No more potholes and car alarms and crackheads or junkies. Clean fresh air and plenty of outdoor adventures! Can't wait for Dartmouth!
no for the 90000 time lol. Who would get excited about going to UMASS Dartmouth anyway? Dartmouth College in Hanover, NH!
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Dartmouth-College/108070979213771
Can't wait! I'll let you know how the performing arts and theatre programs are!
hell yeah. im done at the end of november
Thanks for the support guys!
I wanto take a second to thank everyone who helped me these past few years. Without the handful of good friends, professors and others from so many walks of life, I wouldn't be where I am today. With their guidance and inspiration, I am at a point, which I never imagined. Thank you so much, all of you. I'll never forget you!
Thanks Liz! I really appreciate that and all you've done too!
I'm not surprised
Going to see Jane's Addiction tonight!
For most of my 26 years, I thought id never be in a dorm. Infantry barracks served as my dormlife experience I thought, but now I'm shopping for supplies to move into a dorm at a school I never thought id have a chance of going to.
-_____-
I hope so!
I have no idea lol
Oh shit your right! I just looked it up!
Sometimes I don't even think I'm a Republican anymore... so sad
I'm so glad you're smoking hookah WITHOUT ME doucher. Miss you
and no Mahc im not a friggin Democrat! I still eat my steak raw and bleeding and I don't give a shit where I buy coffee so long as the person serving it isnt a white kid with dreadlocks or a fucking communist hippy! AMERICA!
I think you're lying Hookertron
fuck you pfi pfi, you fat mooshbrain fuck!
i'll shit it your hat motherfucker!
Dinner with my little brownskinned sister
True love is when you can wake up on a Sunday, fry up two pounds of bacon and go back to bed and share it with your lover and not give a shit! :D
I wish Starships and Call me Maybe would stop playing on the radio while I'm driving -____-
Of course you do!
I hate all 3 of you
So i watched this on mute while playing some Tiesto and I've decided I want a Dolphins Cheerleader for Christmas.... preferably one of the three abound a a 1:35 or the blonde at 0:22. Make it happen. Thanks
So... Tiesto will be in Amherst, MA October 6th... seriously debating on buying tickets!
ughhhh... i wanna go so bad but I have no idea what school is gonna be like. I don't wanna by tickets then find myself too swamped with work :/
yeah, you'll be right freakin there :/
hate u
about 2 hours
I'm not :(  danish! Save me lol
No douche! I am a student of the fucking Ivy League! Lmao
I think I'll need you to!
someone's gotta watch my back while I debauch young naive coeds!
Romance should not be a hardship. Anyone who makes it so is not worth being with.
Yes!
"Fuck you thunder! You can suck my dick!" Oh I wish I had a thunder buddy!
derrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrppppppppppppppppppppppp
"I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples, bastards and broken things." -Tyrion Lannister
Sometimes I really can't wait to be up at Dartmouth
Grilled cheese, air conditioning and daria are some of my favorite things right now! :)
Said the girl with 5000 gay bffs. Hush yer mouth hookertron :)
Holy belly full of sashimi!
I wish there was a way to block all Justin Bieber related content from my newsfeed. I'm so afraid I might punch the shit out of my computer screen if I keep seeing him. And I have a long history of punching and throwing computers...
and fax machines...
right... im gonna delete you now! :p jk
Apparently girls today need three things in order to be cool: a fancy bag, a gay best friend and a fucking baby! America. Is. Dying. Or. Dead.
you must be a homely girl that no one likes to sit next to on the bus.
lmao! SHmurphy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3
Thanks for not gettin preggers like a cunt! :D
Yes, Silvana, but unfortunately I'm referring to American women. The future may be relying on good and decent European immigrants to come here and fuck this goat the right way!
yeah, and if I have to hear "my gay best friend" one more time I'm putting my head through a wall.
"my greek best friend" "My best burnt face friend" "my best best black friend" "my best toaster android that will rule the world friend".... none of these sound right
love you Dan! Burnt face and all!
Nein, Silvana. Ich würde nicht sagen, dass!
meh what can you do? I will be taking German up at Dartmouth and hopefully studying abroad in Berlin!
Is he a pig? Is he a fucking pig?! No? Then why the fuck do you keep calling him BABE!? Say it out loud. Look in the mirror and say it out loud! We've been through this before ladies! Fuck! And TAKE YOUR FRIGGIN HAND OFF YOUR HIP! LEARN A NEW POSE FOR CHRIST SAKE! AND IF I SEE ONE MORE DUCK FACE, I'M GONNA SET THE WORLD ON FIRE! Ahh I feel better :)
I hate you lol
Sleep has been a painful hardship with this frigging sunburn! Mehhh
I took a bottle of Jack Daniels!
I'm so glad summer time is here!
Well aside from feeling like I'm covered in fire ants, I had a great birthday! It was actually one of the best I have had in a while, so thank you to everyone who helped make it happen! And thanks for all of the birthday wishes!
Sandy all over and mildly sunburnt! A good birfday thus far! And tonight I'll be on a boat!
Like a boss. Thanks Dave
Just to clarify, I will not be "almost thirty" tomorrow! That is next year!
Nothing lol
John I shan't stand for such pomp and arrogance!
Is that the only time you love me? Is it? IS IT?!
I'm glad my day began with the definition of the word "cunt."
It's so sad to see how dumb so many American's are. Honestly, the smartest people I've met lately are the ones from outside the U.S. It's really embarrassing. Also I watched the series premiere of "The Newsroom" on HBO, and I saw the man I am likely to be twenty years from now. I love it, but I'll clearly have very little hope for or belief in the good will of people. Oh well! :)
Yeah she's a cunt. But I love shows about cynical assholes with almost no faith in humanity!
Hush you!
It tastes like yerrr FAAACE!
So I just played Mass Effect 3 extended cut, and I chose "red." I'll give them this much, clarity was provided, but the end was still meh. Just meh. Good thing those assholes at EA decided not to make us pay for it!
Uh derrr
oh Cara, you don't wanna get into this with me
i'll pass your face along! ;)
:D
I want to kick pigs with Crystal Gail but she lives so friggin' far away! Oh well, I guess I'll go to the gym make my own baby giraffe legs!
I really wish that life was the nonstop indoor/outdoor beach party orgy extravaganza that my Brazi neighbors seem to believe it is. I love nonstop indoor/outdoor beach party orgy extravaganzas.
Good bye to Youkilis! You have always been an amazing player and an example for young players to follow! I hope your career in Chicago is bright!
Wow. Is it really necessary to "check in" and tag people you're with when you go to church? I can understand a status saying "gettin' right with Jesus" but geotagging? Seriously?
Can't keep the big guy locked up in a house, that's what I say! Heathens!
If ever someone tries to keep you from something you want or take something you already have that you hold dear, take something dear to them, dangle it in front of them and smile, just to let them know you're not fucking around! :)
Yet again, another person tells me I look just like Jesse Bradford. Meh could be worse.
Think swimfan
Lmao
I prefer I hope they serve beer in hell
Thanks Jess lol
I wanna go to the beach!!!!
How perceptive of you lol
Oh today is gonna be a good one! I can feel it!  I've already forgotten my work shirt. I didn't bring headphones so my ears are being subjected to every language from Spanish to Khmer. And wtf is up with middle aged men in suits, doctor/lawyer types, with studs in their ears now? Ughh.
Working out next to the Brazilian version of Lisbeth Salander... she's even got that weird yell that Noomi Rapace does. Hmm interesting.
I would but 1 ihave a rule about hitting on women at the gym. 2 I think she might Dropkick me I'm the face.  But maybe that's her way of saying she likes me.
You're freaking me out a little bro
Me: Liz, would you consider me to be a lover or a fighter?
Liz: A love assassin!

Best answer I could've asked for! :D
Omfg Max! Lmao
Watching a girl on the train eat apple sauce from whole foods. How's that $12 apple sauce sweetheart?
No, she some Gagarific sunglasses on and wore a lot of beads
When I am texting one handed with a touch pad on the train, I say, "fuck your grammar!"
I'll show you an excuse!
lmao!!!!!
I have seen way too much duckface today! I actually sorry a girl I felt mildly sorry for because she appeared to have an unintentional duckface compulsion. WHAT'S HAPPENED TO AMERICA?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
That shit burns some mean calories!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why? Are you guilty of committing duckface, Christina?!
ughhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I answer questions for a living, not handout pens. Welcome to college, douche.
That's okay. There are none.
LET IT BE KNOWN, John Bisky AND I SHALL RAIN FIRE UPON SUFFOLK AND MIDDLESEX! OUR FISTS AND LAUGHTER WILL SEND ECHOS THROUGH THE AGES! LADIES BEWARE! FATHERS WILL HAVE SHOTGUNS IN HAND! MOTHERS WILL FRET! GAY BEST FRIENDS WILL ABANDON YOUR SIDE IN THE HOPES OF CATCHING A GLIMPSE OF OUR GLORIOUS CONQUEST! GENTLEMEN, THERE ISN'T ENOUGH HAIR-GEL, OR A COLLAR LARGE ENOUGH FOR YOU TO POP; NO TANNING BED STRONG ENOUGH NOR PHEROMONE SALVE POTENT ENOUGH TO MATCH OUR MASCULINE MAGNIFICENCE! DERPPPPPPPPPPPPP!!!!
right off the top of mah head bru
isn't it? Imagine the shit I'm gonna conjure up after I receive my Ivy League education
they might be in three years...
When did my neighborhood become so Brazilicious?!!!
i knew it was only a short matter of time until this got your attention!!!!
MY DOWNSTAIRS NEIGHBOR NEVER WEARS PANTS!
Um a white tank top and a bright green thong duh! What else would she possibly wear?!
...sometimes she wears flip flops
On a brazi scale of 1-10 id give her a 7.8
That's right, I gave them their own special scale!
Hey, they put their own planet on a flag! I'm just rolling with it! And you ought to know I hold a special place in my heart for THOSE people! :D
i did grow up surrounded by them lol
I think everybody thinks I hate Brazilians. In reality, I'm super jealous of a people who perceive life as a one giant indoor/outdoor beach party extravaganza!
jeez you should hear me talk about the Irish lmao!!!!
Idk lol. I oftten wish I could market the things I say!
I really wish people would stop saying YOLO!
BLAAAARRGGGGG
Are you trying to make me break things Stepher?
Stephers*
thanks for the message of support lol
KAYLAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!! >:O
-_____-
lmao!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh coffee, if not for you this morning might look an awful lot like a Holocaust.
SO UNBELIEVABLY ANGRY RIGHT NOW! I DON'T PLAY CHILDISH GAMES!
Right now, not. even. hopscotch.
No!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Once I reconcile this issue, I will commence a hopscotch extravaganza, the likes of which the world has never seen!
perhaps in spirit of your kid-at-heart-nature, I'll take an African dance class when I get to Dartmouth!
I'll take pictures and photoshop your face on my body. it'll be just like your there!
If you want something bad enough, you have got to stand up, go out and take it. No one is going to hand you the best things in life, you have to work for it. And when you get whatever it is you want, if someone tries to tear you down, crush them!
So yeah... apparently I have been accepted to Hofstra University in New York. Don't really know how that happened considering I've never even heard of them, but thanks I guess?
Apparently. I didn't even apply to them but they went ahead and accepted me anyway.
thanks Silvana, I think lol
I had to google it lol
it's probably because you're too french! :)
And with that, I have completed all of my paper work for Dartmouth! Well, at least until they give me more -____- OH well, I'm getting excited!
SHUT UP TJ! YOU CAN'T EVEN READ!!!!
You can't spell either!
My bag ripped and I needed a new one. My friend gave me a Whole Foods bag like an asshole. I'm wearing a shirt that says "forget the cats and dogs, spay and neuter your liberal!" I look like a walking contradiction!
I'm glad you find this amusing!
Okay... I  know Facebook is a place for sharing, but I can't think of anyone who wants to hear about period cramps and feeling bloated. From now on, when I see these statuses, I will type "if it bleeds, we can kill it." Then you can feel offended, and then realize you're a trash bag. Thanks! :D
...if it bleeds, we can kill it, Jen.
Hey Gabe, I think you're one of those people who should practice falling down long flights of stairs!
...dammit!
I must warn you, I defeated/reprogrammed the Hyperion Interplanetary Ninja Assassin Claptrap yesterday in Borderlands.
Yeah... just walk away.
I really hope it stops raining! I want to go running dammit!
yeah but I'll feel gross lol
I did go:D running in the rain!
I seriously need to get over my issue with umbrellas. It's almost as bad as when people hand me things. Meh
Your husband knows lol
Of course my favorite weapon to kill zombies with is a shotgun!
I gotta my gladius bro guy. For those up close and person types
Apparently, during the Renaissance, you weren't considered accomplished until you contracted syphilis!
!No that's you Hooker 
So happy mother nature pulled her head out her ass! Thank mother nature, you're still a bitch! Love, Billy
Pretty glad to be working again :)
Bunker hill again!
Bunker Hill day with my future wife (for tax purposes) Liz Celata!
Why does food poisoning have to be such a long miserable process? :/
that waas like the tribulation lol
Anyone wanna try telling me that Gladiator isn't one of the best movies ever? Anyone? IS THERE NO ONE ELSE?
I hope you die in a fire
Dave, I think you should practice falling down stairs
Take me outside myself... do it nice and slow
HOLY BABY GIRAFFE LEGS!
Yesss! I got a job and I start tomorrow! :)
At BHCC tutoring and working in admissions!
Hey I'll be getting paid for you to bother me brahhh
Do you ever look in the mirror and see that you look absolutely boss? No? I do, muthafuckahhh
On this day 68 years ago, nearly 5000 men gave their lives to establish a foothold in a Europe nearly conquered by a tyrant. Give them a few moments of thought today and realize the world you live in is much better today because of them.
Stupidity I can forgive, but selfishness and ignorance I cannot. Those two trades are put to use willingly and consciously.
I just wanna say that the season finale of Game of Thrones was very unsatisfying. Meh, at least I have the books to keep me occupied and True Blood starts sunday!
My secret to a successful workout: HATE EVERYTHING IN SIGHT!
There are mirrors, John. What do you think?
Sometimes people get drunk and hit each other in the face...with their mouths. :)
I will be spending the next 3 hours rockin' out to Rammstein, KMFDM, Nine Inch Nails, Tool and Sevendust! Thinks might get broken. Faces might be smashed. Pigs may be kicked! And goats may be fucked!
Modified phrase usage!
More like modified.... YA FACE!!!!!
Hmm. I guess I'll concede in this debate. I'm tired and I must eat a burrito!!!
Holy freakin BRAZI FEST at the gym!
BIG DAR EYES, GIANT ASSES, AND TAN LINES EVERYWHERE!
Fran.. you know what I'm talking about lol. Dcliff is the life of the party kehddd
Lies! These are your people! I know how much you love them! ;)
Nah they're like aliens with blowouts! Lmao
I'd like it if this weather would kindly fuck off :)
Aw crap I'm gonna be 26 this month! D:
Yes I do :)
Committing genocide on fat tissue! ABS!
Officially Addicted to Borderlands!
Finally going to get my haircut! This is the longest its been since before I enlisted and quite frankly I hate it!
I'm not that much of a meat head lol.
Two indicators of someone who is or was in the military: toolbag walk and a shitty haircut. I intend to only hold one of those!
Yerrr lol
I have been in a great mood all day!
some of last night might have carried over into the morning I'll admit
Just finished watching Ralph Fiennes' modernized version of the Shakespearean tragedy, "Coriolanus." It was without a doubt one of the best films I have ever seen!
Anne: Oh look at us, we're G-crossing!
Me: No, Anne, its Jwalking... you know like "just walking."
Priceless
You totally missed out! Just sayin!
posthaste! When are you coming back??? oh and congrat on all the awards you werent here to receive!!!! :)))
yes Anne told me so we must!
I think today was pretty successful! I had lunch with a professor from Harvard Business School and got to learn some pretty cool things! I ate more sushi than I ever had in my life (Yes, A grad school with a dining hall with sushi worth eating, at a fair price)! And if all goes well, I'll have a summer job at BHCC to hold me over until I leave! Oh, and tonight I'm having drinks with my favorite French person, Anne Adam!
nothing like two ginormous grilled cheese sandwiches for my face after 2 hours at the gym!
fuckin gross
i hate jelly -___-
Just wrote a song! Hope everyone likes it!
Zombie Apocalypse! Me and You!
Zombie Apocalypse! Yes it's true!
If you were a were a friend, I'll sure feel blue!
But that want stop me shootin' you!

...it's a work in progress.
That's like trying to use a croissant as a fuckin' dildo! It doesn't do the job, and IT MAKES A FUCKING MESS!!!
That awkward moment when you realize  you accidentally fell asleep with your hand on your keyboard and see that you have typed a calamity of nonsense into your open word document... Shitfuck!
You may think in the linear, and I in the abstract. That just means we are different kinds of crazy.
I hope everyone is taking some time to remember what today is about and not just thinking about bbq, and a nice house, fast cars, or your girlfriends tits. Today is about the people who for hundreds of years have fought to allow you to have all of those things. Honor them, past present and future.
Hey at least you tried! And keep it up and she'll grow up to appreciate her mama, her home and everything else in life!
I think we all want to find someone we can just run away with
Lady at the gym: "I've seen you here so many times, do you ever smile?"
Me: "No." walks away :)
who me?
scoff! How am I the rude one?! Who asks someone they don't know a question like that?
Probably! I am a hot piece of ace!
I see Stephers has taught you "Asian Eyes" lol
and thanks, Catherine, for blowing up my spot!
adorable
I like calling her Stephers! It's an American thing, French face :D
haha I'm around this week!
pshhhhhhhhh
Hey she's the one that took off on us lol. Thursday is my usual drankies night but I think Wednesday or Friday could still work!
i dont, msg me
or text me because I think you have mine
Nope! Weird, but its listed on my FB
Well well, Martha has actually done something I approve of: a measure to put ballot question to legalize medical marijuana in November. Let's see the voter turnout
Just learned the motto at Dartmouth, "Vox clamantis in deserto
(The voice of one crying in the wilderness)." Yeah... that's not creepy or anything.
So glad I can now listen to KMFDM's "Never say Never" at the gym!!!! Breaking shitttt :)
Chernobyl diaries was ....meh. just meh.
Sometimes, people have a way of telling you one thing while saying another, but without lying and perhaps even telling multiple truths.
you know i have a habit of doing that lol
but i spend all damned day writing! 0_o
"Can a man still be brave if he's afraid?"
"That is the only time a man can be brave."
I demand drunken beach shananagins!
It's nice to know what I want in life, at least as far as the near future is concerned. It's important to have that kind of clarity in your life, even if that something or someone isn't something you can have.
thanks lol
i certainly hear you there
When Chuck Norris wants to burn calories, he sets fat kids on fire!
Well there's no backing out now! I called Dartmouth College's admissions and confirmed my decision to start in September! It's going to be so weird moving up there and there even a few people I am going to miss, but I'll be coming back! This is the biggest thing to happen to me ever and I intend to make every bit of it count!
Thanks :)
Yesss! :)
yes! but luckily the fall semester only runs Sept 10- Nov 25 and doesn't start up again until Jan 7!
My life, it seems has taken a turn
Why in the name of god would I ever want to return?
Peel off our skin we're gonna burn what we were to the ground
Fuck in the fire and we'll spread all the ashes around
I wanna kill away the rest of what's left and I do
Yes I do
I'd say last night's and today's adventures were pretty good for a rainy day!
HOLY CRAP! i CAN'T BELIEVE THIS! I WILLIAM DAVID PETERS HAVE BEEN ACCEPTED TO DARTMOUTH COLLEGE! UNBELIEVABLE!
absolutely unbelievable!
im so friggin confused right now lol
but thanks!
thanks guys! I still really can believe it!
It's just kinda stressful because I already had all of my credits transferred and my courses picked at Lesley for the fall, but oh well!
Dartmouth is my number 1! But I never got my hopes up. As a matter of fact, I was accepted on the 4th and ignored my emails because I didn't wanna hear anymore denials. It was only because one of the vets at Dartmouth sent an email congratulating the few vets that got accepted, and I mean like 3 of us. I called admissions right then and found out. I was shocked and made them tell it to me 3 times lol
I never once, since sending out my common apps, ever thought id be accepted to Dartmouth. So I put it out of my mind. Sometimes I love being wrong :)
Quiet Stephers! You still owe me face time for drinks, missy!
Oh god we're the Shakespeare crew lol. And to top it off, Anne is French!
thanks love!
I wish I could actually believe it lol
I've slept on it, and drank to it, I'm going to Dartmouth!
*sigh* one of these days I'll graduate :/
and then onto grad school lol
i dont even wanna go to my undergrad ceremony lol
$150 at lesley. and that doesnt even cover cap/gown and all the other nonsense
If the weather stays nice, I plan to be out everyday this week! :D
thanks....
YOU are like the squirrel in Ice Age! I don't know weather to hug you or stomp the living shit out of you! XD
It's too bad Gary Johnson will never be president :/
I just want to inform everyone that the Celtics are not winning the championship let alone the conference this year. Garnett and Pierce both lack consistency and Rondo thinks he's God's gift to the NBA. Yes they have some unbelievably talented players, but they also have players that clash and even cancel each other out. To think that they have a remote chance of beating teams like the Heat, OKC or the Spurs is ridiculous. Not this year.
“Because you are the hermit, who lives in the cave, and gobbles up wisdom. That is why.”
"Whores! Runnin' around doin their little BEEhind shake for the men folk! $20 to pay the rent? Maybe spend it on the whore instead!"
thats the problem with America today! We dont invade countries with brothels!
Finally tried Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey. I approve and this bottle, I can assure you, will not last the night!
There are two things I want: 85-90 degree weather, and women to consequently wear booty shorts or bikinis. These are not absurd demands. Its the middle of May and I know the way things ought to be, dammit!
See what you did, Crystal? You got me all riled up thinking about boobs!
Is that how you would prefer the world to be?!
Oh I'd do some serious embracing lol
Yes! death to the Victorians!
every time you make that face i think of the squirrel from ice age lol
im fond of that squirrel just so you know
In the German tongue, one can make anything sound scary and demonic just by using an angry tone of voice. Today's word: UNTERHOSEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it means underpants! :D
Well, I'm a Rebublican and even I wouldn't invite Bill O'Reilly to a commencement speech. When he speaks, people become stupid. And I don't like stupid
Hey I'm a proud liberterian and anyone who makes Republicans look like idiots is bad for business. The guy has no manners
I hate it when girls post about their significant others and refer to them as "babe." Not "baby" but "babe." Is he a pig? Are you dating a pig? Seriously?
Lanie, call him "blockhead." Liz, i want you to buy me potato skins at Oneills!
i fuckin hate you lol moyel is it?
I just wanna live on a hot beach and drink all day
you're not coming now lol
how bout you wear a bikini sip on drinks and look pretty behind some big sunglasses that all the girls wear lol
i thought u would
Trust without cynicism is hollow
Yeah, I don't see any fucking May flowers!
So there is a history course at Lesley entitled "Genocide." What happens if you have an awesome teacher and he makes the class really interesting and you find yourself saying, "Man, I'm wicked pumped about my Genocide class!" Is that socially unacceptable?
next semester! Im taking that, and THE HOLOCAUST! I'm gonna be as happy as a clam in the summer sea!
according to certain liberals, i am already a "homegrown terrorist" do to being a soldier. But id rather just consider myself to be kind of a big deal...
Here's a thought, between all the great minds at Harvard, MIT, Wentworth and all of the other great schools we have here, why don't we commission at team- since the people of Beacon Hill love commissions- that develop software and swipe technology to all welfare benefits entirely electronic so that way there is no need at all for cash benefits? How about that? Maybe if Deval and all his cronies stopped wasting time and tax dollars, this problem might have been over a while ago.
And I mean a team with people that are grad students under a few ph. Ds.  Not Deval's friends
Any suggestions? ;)
what a lame suggestion lol
Girls at fenway shouldn't be allowed to take duck face photos.
cant wait for the new season of True Blood!
The doctor says its good to have a glass or two of wine before bed. I say, if thats the case, why not have the whole bottle?
fuck off cunt brick! ...red
cant wait for Game of Thrones tonight!
Pancakes make me want to dance. I'm not even kiddding. Its something you should know about me.
Apparently I woke up this morning feeling fat and sassy .... must be all the ihop.
Fun little fact, Princess Diana was a direct descendant of Lucrezia Borgia... talk about blood lines
If the sox lose tonight and you hear about a guy getting arrested in center field... its probably me
I often wonder if girls are aware of how dumb they look when they post duck face photos.
"England is not in Europe, Rebecca! We tolerate Europe, ya know... like a person tolerates herpes!"
I definitely need to make some big changes and I need to make them soon
Nothing is true. Everything is permitted.
yer face is relative!
I had a nightmare that I was running a marathon while wearing jeans, in the rain.... can you imagine the chafing?
Does anyone else know how to pitch? Anybody? Bueller?
Darnell pinch ran for him so they can't... thats how bad this is lol
i hear you
this is very unhealthy baseball
yea... wtf??? unless they pulled him?
i know
but of course we couldnt lose by one... no no that would be unacceptable for the second highest paid team in the mlb
STFU YOU FAT MOOSH BRAIN FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why does baseball suck so much this year? Crawford, Daisuke, Ellsbury, Bailey and Youkilis all get hurt to start. Beckett sucks for no reason, Lester forgot how to pitch and Bucholz is a complete mess. We're asking for an average of five innings per game from a terrible bullpen that might as well be pitching with their eyes closed. Valentine isnt taking this seriously and Cherington made some of the most worthless transactions I have seen in baseball since 2002. This is an embarrassment.
probably. We're also still paying for Lackluster lackey. theres so much dead weight on this team its disgusting.
Had an awesome day exploring Lesley University. I found out that I am able to take some classes from the graduate school and substitute them for my degree. Wicked excited to start in September!
Shawarma... then... shawarma
Avengers braww
hey why do you keep making stupid faces in all of your photos on facebook? Oh, I just remembered, you're retarded! How about you take that hand off of your hip and slap yourself with it? Adda gal! :)
I've got my violece and high-def ultra-reAlism...
I stand next to fire because I like the warmth. I stand next to crazy because it makes me feel sane.
Bye bye beard. We had so good times and then the bruins lost. I should've let you go last week, but I just couldn't. Rest in peace 2012 nhl playoff beard.
playing Limbo for Xbox and doing pushups everytime i die. I truly am a marriage of geek and meathead!
I can't help but notice the amount of guys who're coming home from Afghanistan and then getting killed. It's just sad.
Oh Liz Warren, you've yet again made a fool of your fat, white, pasty 1/32 Cherokee self once again. I'm looking forward to youlosing the election and never having to see your ugly socialist face again.
Perhaps later! :)
I told myself that going to see Rammstein would be a good substitute for a workout. Now I feel like a fatass! Gymtime!
Okay... the japanese catcher for Oakland definitely has his fingernails painted bright neon yellow... weird
on another note, Ill say again that Mike Aviles was the best spring training decision made by Bobby V!
Its cuz he's a homo
i was gonna mention that but i felt like giving them a break
Rammstein was amazingggg!!!!!
I swear to god, if a single fire code impedes the magnificence of Rammstein's performance tonight, Crystal Gail and I are gonna raise hell on the Commonwealth!
in the past, they have expressed some distaste for venues not allowing them to do the show they way they want due to fire codes
I think we all have a little Mel Gibson inside us; just waiting to be let out to tear the world a new asshole :)
u kno its true
you're probably right!
i wish George Takei would narrate the story of my life...
Rammstein tomorrow!
Why did the black Guy have to get the winning goal
It makes it so much worse...
HE HAD NO BUSINESS BEING NEAR THE NET!! NONE I SAY!!!!!!!!!!
I've gotten some flak for this status. Every hockey fan was thinking it. I just said it.
A 3rd string goalie brought us to overtime for the 3rd time this series. Overtime= Impending cardiac arrest.
Excuse me, 4th time
Summer is coming, and that means that I won't be able to sit still for long periods of time! So, who wants to train for a Spartan Race or a Tough Mudder?! I'm able to admit that I can't do this myself, but with couple of BOSS ROCKS, we could get it done!
Crystal you're a good candidate!
i need a badass team... hint: pyre of flames in background
lets do it dannooo
Gym for the next few hours so I don't kill people during the Bruins game tonight! :)
Anybody going to hughs or Brewers for the B's game tonight? Its a game seven and it should be shared with fellow fans!
Thanks for liking my status but that doesn't help me figure out what I'm doing tonight lol
"Remember... whatever their price, I'll beat it! I like living!"
the area in which i live is either perfect for the zombie apocalypse or a disaster waiting to happen. Because I am Surrounded by cemetery, a zombie pandemic brought on by biological conditions is less threatening. They aren't going after people who are already dead. However, if its one of those rise from the grave zombie apocalypses... welp im fucked!
Its anything but random!
Cody Ross is growing on me. Byrd, go fuck yourself.
It's official! I am now a Lesley College student!
did i frighten you? lol
Thanks love!
Hey Jeff, how's that 2.2 gpa of yours?
Btw I FUCK BOSSES!
Lmao dude when I read this I bust out laughing and now all the meatheads and soccer moms at the gym are staring at me like I'm gonna eat their children!
Already did that. Bitches are still lookin at me.... LIKE THEY WANNA FUCK ON MEHHHH
Thanks man!
love seeing all this support! thanks guys and gals!
Ovechkin's bottom teeth make me want to bash his face with a shovel. Bruins need to win this shit!
Dear Bruins, don't break my heart. Thanks
Welp, looks like I'm shaving off my beard!
Lmao
UUUGGHHHH!!! I HATE YOU MARK ZUCKERBERG!!! HOW DARE YOU FORCE THIS TIMELINE BS ON MEEE!!!!! EFFFF YOU DUDE!!!
If the Bruins don't win today, I'm shaving my beard! And my beard is frickin epic, dammit!
fuck you pfi pfi you fat nazi fuck!
So, do any other teams suck at both penalty killing or power play scoring opportunities or just the Bruins?
yea i know
I'm such a good friend. Even though I'm pretty much done with one workout, I'm gonna do another one for John Bisky, is like 3 hours late!
Comparing course catalogs and programs for Salem State and Lesley... super fun time
I have to say, I am deeply disappointed by last night's game. Sox losing 18-3? Now that's just crap baseball. And somebody better inform Melancon that this is Boston, not some west coast city where everyone is too busy sippin lattes and testing out ipads to care about baseball. Here, we make shitty players afraid to walk down the street, especially if they are screwing the team.
I'm so glad I worked out like a beast yesterday. Now, I can barely move. Zombie day to recoup? Nah! Must do abs to maintain magnificence!
Quiet you!
Goddamn Bruins are making me go all Mel Gibson-like
Wtf?! What's the matter ump?! You too hot and tired to do your job?! Not a single strike thrown to Cody Ross and you strike him out looking. Absolute bullshit!
I can already tell that this warm weather is going to pose as a challenge to maintaining my playoff beard.
Gotta love Boston fans, Luke Scott insulted our stadium, our city and the fans. Guy hits a home run and the fans begin to scream throw it back! Of course, he threw it back!
Bruins better remember how to skate next period!
Donating some of my Republican red blood at the Red Cross ....like a boss
"And tampa bay has nooooooobody warming up in their bullpen..."
I wonder if it has occured to Obama that if he imposes higher taxes on the wealthiest Americans, they will simply layoff more people and send jobs overseas. I get his idea: tax the rich, help the poor. But let's face it, the rich will do what it takes to stay rich and there isn't much that can be done to change that without throwig out the Constitution.
Overtime!
I wanna see the B's destroy the Capitals tonight!
You're so cute lol
Phenomenal night at Hugh Oneills!
Man who was arrest Friday night, made a phone call demanding his EBT card be used to withdraw money for bail. This is a cardswipe economynow whether people like it or not, and there is no valid reason to continue providing anyone with EBT cash benefits. The entire welfare system needs to be overhauled. The taxpayers do not deserve to have their money wasted like this, espcially if we are to see any tax increases!
I hope you agree Marc Canillas
Michigan and Florida are now imposing mandatory drugtests. A filtering software, or the development thereof, could cost a lot of money, but I think they definitely need to eliminate cash withdrawl capabilities. I used to work at the dta in dudley sq and they were very proud of the fact that they could pull out of the lot in their oversized cadillac escalades and go down the street to withdraw cash to buy drugs.
I didn't say get rid of. I meant no cash withdrawal capability. No cash back means less cash for crack/crap.
You're talking to a guy who is disgusted by 90% of the states workforce. Drugtests, audits, assessments and layoffs and firings! Bring it on!
Marc, I think you and I ought to get together for beers and layout the framework for a bipartisan future lol
Lmao! Until we get to drunk and our legislation becomes illegible
One of these days, Jon Lester is going to leave Boston because of too many well pitched games that resulted in losses due to lack of support from his team.
I'm so glad Santorum finally suspended his campaign. He really makes Republicans look bad. The man should start a congregation and stay out of politics!
Okay sox, this is a perfect opportunity to tie, and win the game. DON'T SCREW IT UP!
Sox losing 10-zip... so embarrassing. I don't mind the loss so much a the lack of results by the batters. Come on.
The locker room at the gym smells like tuna... what the hell are you people doing?!
20 foot already decide which kind a burrito i wanted so I got 3, steak pork and chicken
Annas taqueria
"Operating system not found"again... -___-  *stands up* *picks up laptop* *smashes laptop to pieces* *goes back to Microcenter.*
Two separate lives running parallel to each other, occassionally glance to see where the other is at; but they're growing farther apart.
AAAAAHHHHHH! I GOT ACCEPTED TO LESLEY UNIVERSITY! MUUTHAAAAFAHKAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
Nah, I'll take my fancy northern degree then move down south :)
Lmao thanks steph!
Sox start off the season with 9 names on the DL. Aceves should be in the starting rotation, Bard should be closing. Beckett needs to give some answers about how he hurt his hand. Crawford better work for his money when he gets back. This team is gonna need some impressive defensive fielding to survive this season because we do not have a strikeout pitching staff. Its gonna be a long and miserable season.
Excuse me missy, but I watched the sox blow the 2003 alcs. I watch them claw their way to the top in 2004. I even got a glimmer of hope while I was in Iraq in 2007 when I got to watch them win a world series from halfway around the world.  I got plenty of faith! :)
I'm just sayin. Valentine shouldn't have given in to all the pressure by making Bard a starter. Crawford was a disgrace last season; almost as bad as Lackey. Bailey, I don't even have words for. As for Beckett, he's shady as fuck. We have a team with immeasurable potential. I don't wanna see them waste it.
Holy Brazi fest at the gym, Batman!
So I checked out Salem State and I was actually pretty impressed, especially by their veterans' services representatives. The professors seemed pretty bright and the students were actually more than tolerable. I am still waiting to hear from Lesley, Amherst and Providence, but Salem doesn't seem like a bad choice. Totally relieved that I don't have to go to UMASS Boston though lol!
Yea but its not as bad as some of the other schools I applied to. I know being in a class at Lesley or Amherst will make me feel like I'm holding my breath half of the time
Saw my high school transcripts for the first time ever.... oh man
So Rick Santorum wants to ban porn. Not that it would work, but even still, he has offended me in a manner in which I cannot forgive. Santorum needs to just stop talking. He'll never be president.
I am Jack's raging bile duct...
John... do I have to come over there and establish dominance?
Ahahaha dino with the toothpaste ahahahha
Day 2 of with no nicotine... I wanna put a bullet between the eyes of every panda that wouldn't screw to save its species...
Just found out I was accepted to Salem State!
Thanks! Hopefully its the first of many. I'm still hoping for Lesley, Amherst and Providence
So I quit dipping last night. I wanna pioneer a genocide right now I'm so irritable! Gym time so I don't punch any babies!
Silence Pfi Pfi! And go back to ur home on whore island!
Now Shelbi, what makes you think I was saying that to you? :)
Jeez guys thanks for the support lol
Why the hell do people keep asking me if I am Brazilian?!
...wtf?
Its wicked random. I don't have those giant dorky eyes. I don't have a space alien name like Vitor or Nando. Oh, and as much of an asshole as I can be, I don't go around screaming half naked in the streets every time a fucking soccer game ends at 2am!
Scumbag! Where's your AK u Croatian fuck?
Oh great. The dunks up the street from me has wi-fi, and now it seems to have drawn the attention of Rachel Maddow wannabees who feel the need to show off by writing in public. Awesome
Gym time... MUTHAAAFUUCKAAAAA (Hank Moody voice)
Holy crap! He reminds me of Jody!
I'm in considerable need of a significant change ASAP.
yes hooker
thank u for reminding me where i am
so glad I purchased the Dexter novels!
I'm a 25 year old veteran with a 3.7 gpa and you want standardized test scores? No freakin wayyyyyy!!!!!!!
No tango pantelones!
ive just been informed that its apparently "tengo"
Gym time! Hope I told have to yell at any nasty old guys in the sauna. Seriously, going to the gym shouldn't be like visiting a retirement community.
honestly, I'm getting tired of hearing about contraception. Jobs, economy, defense, infrastructure, transit, these are government issues. It's simple, if you're a women, and you work for religious institution or are a student of one that does not support contraceptive use and therefore does not cover the cost of it, go somewhere else. This has been a dead horse for months as far as I'm concerned.
My kangaroo medallions smell like eggs!
new hampshire
is anybody doing anything worth my time saturday?
i doubt im gonna have avehicle
It has come to my attention that a McDonald's double cheeseburger has 440 calories; 210 of which are from fat. I usually eat four. Not good. Now I'm eating lots of vegetables and lean meat to be healthier. however, I feel the need to douse everything with cheese to make it appetizing. Oh well :)
I used to eat a lot more. I've calmed down quite a bit!
And I still maintain my sexy stature!
be jealous
yea, no worms. i burn calories with hate... mostly toward gabe
shut up and go make a fuckin tire penteface!
lmao
Ahhh, I wreak of garlic and femented sweat! Clear signs of a successful workout or kidney disease! I'm gonna go with the former
ACIII will take place in revolutionary Boston and New York!
Yes
i need a vacation. someplace with a beach and far from here with a low number of irish and haitian people
wanna go? lol
that was in january and yes i do!
Breaking stuff at the gym
Fat ass.  Last night, I discovered mcdonalds puts nutrition facts on their wrappers now... I ordered four double cheeseburgers. Now I'm making up for it
Um... the guy who hasn't been to the gym in a month!
just saw an ad for that show Big Rich Texas... I think id throw a party if i heard all of them died in a fire :)
padgets make me wanna punch babies
i have no idea lol
how far is the nearest airport from you guys?
well ill try to figure something out
i ont think im doing anything significant for st patricks day this year
Gym!
welp... just beat Mass Effect 3... 41 hours later... dont really know what to say...
SPOILER ALERT! To all mass effect 3 players, Spc. Traynor is a lesbian. This is a non negotiable situation. You will cock block yourself.
Just witnessed a thrasher maw totally own a reaper! Shickkkk
Oh hey look the gym isn't filled with retards for once. Awesome
I will never have fat children.. never
lmao
Damn, if I had known the winter was gonna be like this back in november, I would've bought a bike
"She's the kinda girl a guy meets when he's young and there's 'too much living left to do.'
Dammit! I think I'm gonna have to buy a kinect for Mass Effect 3. Those assholes at bioware have won me over with voice command -___-
Rest easy Buck Compton. They don't make heroes like you too often these days.
What is this "The Hunger Games" nonsense? Is this another Twilight? I seriously do not   need another tween fueled phenomenon going around. Why? Why? Why?!!!!
lies and deceit woman! LIES!
Omg you people are killing meeee
I'm totally all set. If so many young people are reading it, the chances are that its and inarticulate story written at a 4th grade level. Sorry, I have standards
I'll make sure I lose some sleep over it :p
Massachusetts needs to buck up and make the hard decisions by making some serious reforms. These reforms need to be made in welfare, unemployment assistance pension and the pay scale of the State Police and MBTA. I'm so sick of seeing people get away with eating up tax dollars like this. So many of them have these smug little faces when they say that they've done nothing wrong, when in reality they know they are cheating the system.
A big thank you to Jason Varitek! I know that there is one obnoxious right-wing extremist on here who likes to hate, but I don't care. Tek allowed me to witness some excellent athleticism, leadership and two World Series. I hope he stays involved with. The team, maybe at pitching or bench coach
Californication gives me hope... that I won't be the only one ;)
Welp, happy saturday
getting married and/or having kids is not a green light to let yourself get fat and disgusting. I'm tired of sayin, "Wow, you sure got fat!"
well Jess, my dear, you set the standard for mommy/wives. Danno is a lucky man
If I ever decide to stop being a whore and settle down, and that young lady starts to swell, I'm sending her to you and jess for lessons!
For once, id like it if things didn't go as I expect them to.
This is so aggravating! Not only did Bunker Hill screw up sending my transcripts, but the things I mailed personally haven't gone where they're supposed to be. Am I stupid for putting something in an envelope, writing an address on it and slapping a stamp on it then putting it in a mailbox?! Should I not do that anymore?! -____-
they sent them to registrars offices at a few of the schools rather than undergrad admissions so when they got them they had no file for them because they hadnt been processed by admissions first
cunts
and i dont even know what happened with the shit i mailed
some of the schools havent got to them yet, but lesley in particular isnt getting my shit for some reason
youre a terrible person!
look, i know u spent all night grinding on a pole at max 2 but you need to ease up lmao
i hope u sprayed some formula 409 on the pole before ur shift began
Oh yummy
From what I hear, its not grease at the banana, its vaginal motor oil!
There are far too many muslims at bhcc
I'm. In love with californication. I wanna be that when I'm 30. Or even 40
I wanna be an accomplished/failed writer who gets laid left and right
Ur just jealous cuz u don't have premium channels
After 3 years, I finally found one of my hearing aids! Woohoo!
Dave... you're old :)
Something is rotten in the state of Denmark...
One month til YACKIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
I know I've said it before, but one of the best things about transferring to another school is knowing that there will be a whole lot less of the obnoxious and idiotic anybodies that plague BHCC. I can't wait to walk through the halls of a school that aren't overcrowded with 2.4's and people who belong in barber school and DTA offices.
youre 2.8 dick
Derrppp misshuu
Safe house was awesome! Just saying
Roses are red, violets are blue. Neither are cheap, so I'm being a Jew :)
It was just a clever joke hooker face. Yes bisquoit there is
Or at least 12
A pair of christian evangelists just stopped me and asked me to commit myself to God's plan. I told them if God has a plan then I have no business fooling around with it.
"In Louisiana, and all across America, we love us some guns and religion, and we make no apologies for it!" -Gov. Bobby Jindal
I wonder how long I'm going to have to listen to all of the Whitney Houston blah blah blah
I'm pretty sure I'm not going to be able to move my arms tomorrow. Glorious!
Yessssss!
Gotta look swole for mah hoes
does it count as healthy if you walk to mcdonalds?
listening to the dexter theme on repeat until work so i can become the zen master
So I just applied to Columbia University
I don't actually think I'll get in
I really wish Rick Santorum would drop out of the race. I don't want his extremist ass in office and he'll most likely lose and we'll get stuck with Obama for another 4 years. Please go away
Guy is an embarrassment.
I love going back and forth with liberals about environmental policies and knowing more than them! Don't enter a debate when you don't know what you are arguing or have nothing to back yourself up with!
Sent out college transfer apps for amherst, lesley, tufts, bc and bu. Wish me luckkk
wow these new facebook ads are obnoxious
here's one for the Gipper!
I do not see myself being very motivated at school tomorrow...
That little bastard can run!
Dave didn't make it... dave drove a ford... EPIC CHEVY COMMERCIAL!!!!!
I am still getting questions about the housing payment for the post 9/11 GI Bill. Some people got paid, some people did it. From what I know, the VA is sorting it out. The only thing you can do in the meantime is check with with your veterans reps at school to make sure that you were certified for classes this semester.
bhcc has over 480 vets right now. and nothing like that has happened there. Thats unnacceptable
And I just woke up :D
fuck you Showtime! how dare you take away all but season 6 of Dexter!!!!!
UMASS game tonight with John Bisky
I'm so glad Spartacus is back
I just heard the cleaning lady say, "eh muchacho". I never knew they really said that. Hmm... how bout that!
I've decided to let my hair grow for a while. Let's see how long this lasts
I bet you would like that. Lol
Oh so it would be your turn then? Haha
Okay. So there's a group of girls on my fb who went to see Tool last night. The whole time the concert was happening they were uploading pics of them in the hallways with their hands on their hips and making kissy faces. Thanks girls for wasting tickets
You love it!
And hooker, you're the one who's the pretty pretty princess so I don't wanna hear it :p
Don't worry fallon. You weren't the only ones lol
And I don't think u guys actually made kissy face lol
All of a sudden tool is a sexy. Didn't you know?
If NIN ever tours again its gonna be an indoor beach party
Finally saw the season 6 finale of Dexter.... WTF????
Wonder if she still wants to bang her brother
I don't wanna wait til september!
There are way too many people on my fb going to see tool. I should've bought tickets :(
Hope u enjoy ur food, gas and beer lol
At least I have Rammstein in April!
I might get tickets for a Janes Addiction show in connecticut
Hey don't poke fun! I've already seen kmfdm and NIN is out of commission so I'm working with what I got
Actually, I've seen nin three times so :p
I meant they aren't touring
Or rather trent reznor has a stick up his ass lol
Too busy winning oscars and banging his douchie playmate wife
And drinkin protein shakes
Yea thanks for the invite cunt
Ok, moult, ur a liberal union douche
Tell him there is no such thing as an independent in a union!
United you bleed budgets dry ;)
This doesn't apply to all women, but some of them. Seeing the site of how they eat is such a huge turnoff. I've got fatgirl sitting across from me and evrytime she chomps away at her sausage/egg/cheese bagel her nose curls with her lips and her eyes bulge. Fuckin toad face
Change ur prof pic its ugly niggertron
Please dooo
Yay u changed it! So pretty
What's your fucking problem hooker?
<3
Miiishuu
I'm not ignoring u little bugggg
Dexter makes home feel like it should. Cold, neat and bloody :D
Just the way u like it hooker :p
Raunchy shitttt
Welp, I'm home.
Dear charlotte airport, you are awesome and need to show all the retarded airports in places like milwaukee and kansas city how its done. Cinnabon, papa johns and whatever else my heart desires
Mother nature took a dump right on our flight path. Fail :(
Just saw Crazy Horse Paris Burlesque! Lots of boobies on display in the classiest of manners! :) oh vegas, I'll miss you
Last day in Las Vegas. Seeing Crazy Horse tonight, then flying out at midnight. Ughh
Just saw Cirque du Soleil's O.... I stand corrected. I have no words to express what I just saw!
If the ravens win, it'll be another boring super bowl. Their team is so fucking lame
Tonight I will put a bullet between the eyes of every panda that won't screw to safe its species. Tonight, I'm gonna breath smoke. FISTPUMP. PUSHUPS. CHAPSTICK.
Holy hooker boots! I have a terrible hangover and I love. Itttttttt
Las Vegas is every reason muslim fundementalists hate Americans, and I fucking love it
Pink elephants in vegas
So yeah... what does a married Muslim couple have business doing in Las Vegas? Like really? Oh well just another person to throw drinks at :)
Um hey, I don't know how they do things back in Argentina but making out and displaying affection at the gym is obnoxious. I hope someone drives them out in the middle of the desert, shoots them in the ankles and drives away
I'm offically smashhhed! I lots my hand in blackjack and I don't care goddammit!
I'm sorry, but I can't stand seeing people pray at a dinner table. Like especially in public. Gross. God is way too busy to listen to you blab about chicken salad and soda. Seriously, get off His nuts
No. I thinking about the B's: booze, blackjack and broads!
Definitely not the dumbest! Blake quit being a cranky pants.
Indoor skydiving, like a BOSS
There's definitely a woman at the buffet with a friggin perm. Really.....
I think I'm gonna stay in Vegas and never come back :)
Welp I officially hate Kansas City Airport
There isn't even a fucking mcdonalds! I paid $11 for a shitty turkey sandwich goddammit! It was a convenience store sandwich!
-_______-
This time tomorrow, I will be in Las Vegas!
I'm gonna carve a z on your forehead
I can't believe I waited this long to watch Dexter! Outstanding show!
I am going to Vegas in three days!
I hit the snooze button 5 times this morning. Its gonna be a rough day
I think I give off some weird electro magnetic pulse because almost every piece of technology I have ever owned seems to have mysteriously broke or malfunctioned
"He might rape you! You don't know!"
So I guess its Slumerville
Yeah, I'm gonna need every jumkie on earth to drop dead simultaneously today. I'm tired of looking at their disgusting faces and hearing their pathetic voices. Thanks
Damn straight
It really makes my day when I can tell someone NO! :)
in 8 days my Vegas bender begins!
I can already tell that today is gonna be all kinds of stupid
Fuckin elephants
Wtf?
covered in hope and vaseline
still cannot fix this broken machine
watching the hole it used to be mine
just watching it burn in my steady systematic decline
fuck himmm
Blehhhhhh there are some things in life that just set you in a bad way
hahaha miiiiiishhhhhhhhuuuuuuuuuuuu
So many women walk around making themselves look completely stupid by wearing uggz.
Ahahahah you people!
Siilence you coniving strumpett!
Pirate hooker
Thanks for the TJ Jack attack!
i wish bruins tickets werent so expensive :(
pouliot plays hockey like a frenchman
I wish they didn't let people talk on the bus/train
U need to settle ur face lady!
psssshhhh
Got an A in my Shakespeare&Sophocles class!
Whhoooaaaahooooaaa whaaatt uuuppp
I know right? I had little doubts, but its good to see the grade
That's kind of adorable, stephanie lol
I think u mean asian-est lol but I'll gladly accept it !
No, not you. I think you have a pretty good level of awareness!
Thank you Crystal. I am enlightened. :)
I wish I lived in Skyrim...
I will have him at my side!
Pat's defense wants to eat Tebow alive
Well they've had the whole season to rest
It means a lot to me knowing that the conflict in Iraq is finally over. At least for our troops. Well, for now anyway
i hate shuffle steppers. Stop shuffle stepping. Move faster!
quiet niggertron and guinea broad!
dont get all alpha-numeric on me
Oh how I love these ambiguously worded drama-queen statuses that I see from attention seeking people. I really gives me the satisfaction of knowing I am not going to ask what's wrong because I already know the problem is you. So entertaining. Who needs Jersey Shore when you have Facebook?
i said this was entertaining, Daria!
Met Bobby Valentine today and got a hug from Louis Tiant. Thanks.... Louis
At Fenway today with Meg. I'm being interviewed by NESN and WEEI to talk about veterans and the Home Base Program!
I approve of Ballys in medford
Skyrim therapy
60-some ought year old guy, probably laidoff or just insane, playing the banjo at Downtown Crossing. Rock on 60-some ought year old guy with a banjo
Wadda pee c ah shittt
yerrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
ka-dingggggggggggggggggggg
got another A in my Shakespeare class!!! Two more papers to go!
I don't know which is worse, the fact that I have seen three people, today, spell the word "phone," f-o-n-e, or that I honestly believe they think it is actually spelled that way...
if there was any thought of me becoming a psychology major, it has surely been completely destroyed after this course. No thanks! I'm perfectly set with becoming a disgruntled English teacher!
Oh the sounds asian people make at Christmastime. Either they are having a blast or the season is making the device in their brains malfunction. Either way, they are behaving extra spacie
THUNDERKUNTZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wish skyrim wasn't released until christmas! Its ruining my life and i love it!
i just stopped
finals begin this week and i want nothing to do with them!
There isn't enough valium in the world to make me enjoy a mall at christmas time
I'm finally outta work! Meg and I are heading to our prethanksgiving feast!
Inducted into Phi Theta Kappa. Go me.
bhcc
Goodbye epic beard. Job interview today
Someone recenlty asked me, will we celebrate veteran's day when there are no more wars and all the veterans are dead. I told her first, there will always be war, and second has always been people making sacrifices to defend this country and there always will be. So honor veterans today just as we will 100 years. From now
you mean her?
she has a bachelor's in philosophy. Therefore, she is an idiot.
one word: Skyrim
I wish they put muzzles on junkies
So excited to stuff my face for free tomorrow! Nom nom nom!
On average, Italian workers get 42 paid days off a year...
Obama is really making his mark in history as president. A health care plan that most people didn't want, a stimulus that created only a fraction of what he said it would, a food safety act, praising a medal of honor recipient by addressing him as one that had died in Afghanistan, and now he has put forth a tax on christmas trees to "improve the image of christmas trees"
That's our president people; our higher public official. And the worst part is that the republican party can't even come up with a candidate who can beat this clown
Talk about Dubbayuh 2.0. Holyyyy jesus
There is really an American Christmas Tree Association.... wow
There's gonna be a Taken 2 and Liam Neeson will be in it :)
Honestly, I hate literary analysis, but this semester has been ridiculous. If I am not reading and scrutinizing Shakespeare until my eyes bleed and I think I'm the antichrist, I'm reading these completely retarded detective stories that either make no sense or have no point. Tell me I'm not going crazy! Yesterday I shouted "Unsex me now!" And I'm a dude!
Yes and its a friggin stupid waste of time
Its not nearly as fun as it sounded. A lot of the stories are wicked lame. I honestly enjoy Shakespeare more than that class
And that's retarded
Yup. Nice lady. Zero backbone. Attention span that of a feret on crystal meth
I guess
Going to OCCUPY my JOB in Boston today, like a good American
Yes indeed!
With my $11hr 18hrs a week! Now I can join the aristocracy! :D
and there's another A paper! :)
Elizabeth Warren is a progessor at Harvard from Oklahoma. She's a promoter of red tape. She claims to be a consumer advocate, but let's face it, her policies would only pressure big companies to drive up costs. If we start electing people who will put a ballnchain on free enterprise, then everyone is going to feeli it, even the Unions. Liz Warren doesn't know Massachusetts and she doesn't know the people. Don't give her your vote!
and people said not to get excited about Tyler Seguin... Fahhhkkk Youuuuuu
Got accepted to Phi Theta Kappa!
A Chinese man on the train just sat on my things and on my leg. Without remorse, I shoved him onto the ground. Stupid Chinese man
I honestly don't know why I bother with some people sometimes.
"The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other peoples' money."
no more school please :(
Speaking politically, I think that it is in President Obama's best interest to not seek re-election. Derp.
I'm glad Claude Julian thinks the B's should try hard every game. What a great coach
wat is going on with my Bruins?!?!?!?!?!?
saving the galaxy for a little bit
Nope, I don't want to go to school today. It's stupid and I don't like it!
...and i just destroyed my phone
Just had the best luch of my life! Raw oyster and cherrystones, curry clam chowder, chicken caesar salad and a glass of merlot :)
There's something rotten in the state of Massachusetts
Its been 14 hours since I last plaayed Mass Effect...
I just beat Mass Effect 1. I have Mass Effect 2 in my xbox right now. Something tells me I shouldn't... but I'm gonna anyway :)
just wait til you start the second one!
I do not approve of goiing to work today! Its stupid, and I don't like it!
"it's the vulva ray! Do not stigmatize the vulva!"
"... it's the word vulva. Not sexy."
Nobody wants to see milwake in the world series. Honestly, why do they even have aa major league team?
Love going out for a late dinner and being seated across from planet of the apes
I know everyone works out differently, but honestly, if u r able to carry around drink a protein shake while workingout for an hour you r probably accomplishing nothing. If u were actually pushing urself it would make u vomit or at least gag. GET OUT LIBERAL!
Go Tigers!!!
And the bandwagoning begins
Communism took a major blow today with the death of Steve Jobs. Always remember Steve Jobs as an arrogant asshole who thought he was God. Thanks for dying Steve
eight pages later and im done! fuck you Hamlet! go away im done with you for now
ACLU= Alien Criminal Liberation Union
I am so tired of Hamlet and all of the wickedness that it brings me
Yea cuz passin up chicken chow mein and movies to have dinner with your family is cool
Wtf is going on with baseball right now?!
Alright Red Sox, I didnt grow this beard for nothing!
There is a lesbian on the train that looks like Gary Buesey...
thankyou Ellsbury!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and nobody believed me when I said the Pats would lose to the Bills today. Welp
I dont even think I want to see the Sox squeeze themselves into the playoffs if theyre going to continue to play this way. So fed up this teams performance for the past month.
Goddamn liberals at the gym! Stinking up the place with their pachulie and socialism. Go discuss PETA and anti-capitalism somewhere else!
dont forget to vote for me someday, Erin :)
Great, I'm having nightmares about college now, and yes, I do forget my shoes in them!
think about how helpless you would feel when you realize you forgot your shoes!
okay seriously? This piss poor performance by the Red Sox is inexcusable. So close to saying see ya next year
Nope. Nope. Nope. I don't wanna be awake right now
Tai <3 misssshuuuuu
Its raining here. Gimme one of those umbrellas you're always stealing 
What the hell is this nonsense with Facebook?! I really woke up to this? FIX IIITTTTT!!!!!
So apparently I knew at one point and. Forgot, but anyway, today is the release date for the final dlc of Fallout New Vegas!!! Lonesome Road here I comeeeee
They're the baltimore orioles for christ sake!!!!
sox bats better wake up!
Undead Nightmare!
6 hours of straight zombie stompin brahh
"You dare attack the son of Odin?!"
Incredibly disgusted by the Red Sox tonight
thank god
I. Hate. Junkies.
ohhhh whatt up book stipend!
you didnt get it?
Id say ask stephen but ur over at emerson now
Sox better win tomorrow goddammit!
"What makes the owner of a construction business qualified to be mayor?"
"Andrew Johnson was a tailor, and he became president."
"But, wasn't he impeached?"
"that's completely besides the point!"
-Boardwalk Empire <3
Friggin Dartmouth terminated their Spring 2012 application! grrrrrr
Everyone knows what today is. I would simply ask that everyone think of something special in their lives, and recognize that it is theirs because they are Americans and it is our freedom that warrants such privelages
A world without beer is like a world without baseball.
Between Shakespeare & Sophocles (8 books), Mystery & Detective Fiction (3 books), Abby Psych and Math, I am really going to have my work cut out for me this semester. And when Skyrim comes out, all then hard work will go down the drain! :)
when I die, please don't post it on FB. It's annoying to all those who don't know what you're talking about and it's just plain rude!
The best part about all the schools I'm. Looking to transfer to is that they tell applicants "NO!" Its gonna be great going to a school that isn't overcrowded with idiots
Just performed a taste test for Sam Adams's Octoberfest and Harpoon Oktoberfest. Harpoon's stands significantly heavier and more bitter. It would be a good end of day beer. However, Sam Adams's brew, I think, would satisfy me anytime of day, anytime of year!
math class tonight... ew
The Lonesome Road, the final DLC for Fallout New Vegas will be released September 20th!!!!! Wicked derrrrppp! Hopefully it will hold me over until Skyrim comes out!
old world blues is awesome
Guess who just got a 40" 1080 p Toshiba for $72.25... THIS DUDEEEE! :D
Cause I'm fucking awesome, Kama! That's how. Like a boss
heyy ladyyy
hey Kama, I did get an awesome deal, its called being greek and italian and knowing how to make something awesome out of a mishap!
First day of classes for this dude
this semester is going to be entirely retarded. With all the red tape that the dems of this states have piled on throughout the years, one would think that they would have at least limited a schools capacity. I shouldn't have to shuffle through overcrowded halls at my colleges as if there was a welfare window around every corner! Cannot wait to transfer!
Can someone direct me to white america?
King Richard's faire with my love! All day! No better way to celebrate labor day/my first day out of the military! :)
WHOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA TOMORROW IS MY ETS DATE!!!! for those of you who don't know what that means, I will officially be out of the military ENTIRELY come tomorrow!!!!!! It has been a long six years! WOOOOOOOOOOO!
Writing transfer essays now, so I wont be a raging literary psychopath mid-semester!
ill call you in a little while, old man!
well considering tomorrow is my ETS date, I'd say I'm pretty zen right now
School begins this week. If anyone is looking for a writing tutor or knows someone who is looking for one let me know. If so, you may message me here or give me a call or email me at willpete86@gmail.com .  Rates can be negotiated. I would like to base myself at BHCC but I will do some minor traveling.
So many people will call themselves democrats while they are feeding on undeserved pleasures, yet as soon as someone begins to take things away, they call themselves republicans. Most of them are just to ignorant to know who they really are
Sox/Braves World Series 2011! Thats what I want to see in October!
So I sent my resume out to about 15 employers. Hopefully I find a good catch!
anything but prometric
already tried that...
woohoo pay dayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Thank you jacoby ellsbury!!!! And jeter, suck my balls!!!!!
its gonna be a very busy semester....
Finally back to the gym
Hey Cervelli, this isn't the nba or nfl. Act like a godddamn professional when play baseball
Just got another A! So pumped
Time for True Blood! gotta love DVR!
good cant wait!
No, its much more awesome
Its kind of a big deal
Highly recommended 
I must say this has been a rather relaxing hurricane day
Cookin up a storm in light of this wretched weather!
Me- so fano has a twitter
Meg- why? So he can let people kknow when he's poopin?
Me- I don't know. What he does with it. 
Meg- well that's what people do with Twitter, let people know when they're poopin...
Whoooaaa Tsunami alert.........................................................................................................just kidding :)
Aaaaaaaaaahhhh I just pictured u in floaties!
Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh
wide awake since 630! almost ready to lift things up and put things down!
working on my last paper for the summer!
I'm running out of things to do in fallout...
120mph in the stang
Drinkies and destruction with yoel yoward, yanzee, and waltrick pash!
Jerry Remy dances like he's asian...a really awkward asian
I would really appreciate it if the Sox won tonight
I have no pity for the majority!
KMFDM at Royale turned out to be one of the best shows I've gone too! And I tore that pit apart!
KEINE MITLEID FUR DICH MERHEIT
Army of the Universe, u may have a gay name, but your music is sick. I <3 u
KMFDM tonight!
Fallout New Vegas for the next 3 hours!!!!
Time to lift things up and then put things down!
Also, as of next year, Fenway will be 100 years old and therefore will never be allowed to be torn down! Fenway will stand forever!
today i was able to cross a big one off my bucket list! Batting practice at home plate at Fenway Park!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sorry carmen, it was for vets and families only thanks to the Home Base Foundation
I like Rick Perry, I really do. But I don't think I can support a guy who openly practices his politic based on his religion. Oh well, he's better than Obama so he has my vote.
goodbye Charles... you were the best cat ever
The government, today, announced that it's changing its emblem from a Bald Eagle to a CONDOM, because it more accurately reflects the government 's political stance. A condom allows for inflation, halts production, destroys the next generation, protects a bunch of dicks, and gives you a sense of security while you're being screwed.
and the smell of bottled water lingered heavy in the air... and a deaf dog whispered something, that a blind man couldn't hear...
Cut! Slash! Hack! Close the budget gap! AMERICA!
Is anything going on tonight???????
Attention Facebook! The following for-profit schools are not real colleges: Salter, Kaplan, lincoln tech, new england hair academy and Gibbs. Do the rest of us real students a favor and stop claiming that you are the same, because you are not. stop wasting your money and get a real education
I know, very aristocratic of me.. :)
Cowboys and aliens! Whaaat nerrrgs? What?!
I wanna go see it again! Lol
Gym time
Laundry's fah queeeahhs
you gotta be kidding me? more babies? would you people stop already
I need a new job asap!
because mine suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkks
so today could very well be my last day of drill ever. No more uniforms after this :)
Derrrrherrrrppppp
Nah... it was a big one
Dear Yankees, YOU'RE NOT TAKING THE DIVISION! YOU CAN HAVE THE WILD CARD, AND IN OCTOBER YOU CAN EVEN HOST GAME FOUR OF THE ALCS AT YANKEE STADIUM TO COMPLETE THE SWEEP! YANKEES SUCK! GO SOX!
Tomorrow starts my last drill...EVER!
Feel bad for Tim Wakefield, but I will certainly take the win! Go Sox!
Dear John Lackey, you ingorant waiste of money and roster space, you have already given up 3 runs in 4. Do not blow this game! You need to pull your head outta your ass and earn your money or the city of Boston will tear you apart! Go Sox!
Guys a friggin bum!
Tryin to get in the best shape ever. Lifting things up!
Goddamn barking lesbians
Glad to hear my good lads Joel Howard, Bryan Couillard,and Pat Walsh a.k.a. Waltrick Pash are finally coming home. They deserve a hell of a welcome for doing what so many would never dare to. Welcome home boys!
Whoooaa duuddeeeeeeeeeeee
As soon as u boys get settled gimme a ring and we'll have those drinkies. On me of course
Whaaaaat uuuuup amy winehouse is dead. Wickeddd derrp
How can I be racist?! I'm incapable of seeing color! - Wilfred.... the dog
Do you really think Kristin cares? This a guilt burrito!
If soldiers are men, then they shouldn't expect their women to be train like dogs to meet their needs...
Back to the gym to make myself unable to wipe my own ass!
AMERICAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Alcoholics have sponsors to help them get through their tough days.  I have redbull :)
Sox won in 16. Kinda feel guilty for complaining about a hangover
Let's see if I'm so gung ho about workin out twice for a second day in a row
Breaking stuff at the gym like a boss :D
Whaaaaaat uuuuuupp! Got an A in my Government class!!!!
All I wanna do is LIFT THINGS UP, and PUT THINGS DOWN! >:O
Lifting things up and putting them down to get in Tough Mudder shape!
only two more classes!
LIFT THINGS UP! PUT THINGS DOWN!
Finally got a haircut! Wicked derrrrrpppp
Check ignition, and may God's love be with you...
should've went out tonight
dnekeew llird etah i
Read it backwards knob
Well that's wht u get for joining the reserves
yea yea yea
Apparently my Immigration Enforcement paper is a big hit! So far it has produced two A's! Not bad for 15 page paper ;)
thanks lol . i did revise it a bit and add/dropped/changed some parts
so apparently i dont have. Gym time for me!
Billy goes to work. Billy goes to school.Billy goes to work. Billy goes to school.Billy goes to work. Billy goes to school.BILLY GOES TO WORK. BILLY GOES TO SCHOOL!
too many minorities
I fucking hate John Lackey. Go take a nap.  in the last half hour I've watched your ERA go up by .40.
I think he should run concession stands instead of the mound
Hysterical!
i dont wanna be in class anymore...
This job seriously blows excessive amounts of walrus cock
T minus 15 minutes to TRUE BLOOD!!!!!
-___- really Yeidi? like, really?
I'm okay with my dose of high quality vampiric drama thank you!
WELP YA FACE YEIDI YOGEL!
now you just sound silly
go ahead, say it out loud... silly
i take it you disagree with my opinion...
strange girl
yeidi, its facebook, im sure waltrick will see
@Waltrick Pash
Yea cuz havin a dad is cool
Chaos! Love it!
where did BOB go?
BRUINS! BRUINS! BRUINS!
So apparently I'm a Libertarian... I don't know
This is why we love Tim Thomas!!!!
GOODBYE LOUNGO!
I'm so glad my employers have no idea how to pay me
Dear Bruins, tomorrow is game 6 at home. You played great last time, but obviously not good enough. Ive asked you not to suck, but now I'm telling you to win. That is all.
Had a nightmare that the B's lost 5-0 :( let's hope it was just a dream
Alright Bruins, let's fuck this goat!
The Canucks thought they could tell the Bruins to make them a sandwich. Well tonight the Bruins made that sandwich, and fucked them with it!
B's score on a Vancouver power play!
Beautiful fuckkking shottttt!
Definitely just got hit on by a 60 year old dude on a bicycle... frigggin cambridge
This just keeps getting better and better
Bruins
I love how the stupid questions begin immediately after I walk through the door... I need to figure out where I'm watching the fucking game tonight
This is very stupid...
Dear Bruins, please don't suck. Thank you.  P.s. fuck canada
Sox are playing on par with their payroll finally!
BRUINS WICKEDD. DERRRRRRRRPPPPPP!!!!
UNDEAD NIGHTMARE!!!!!
So.... rapture? Yea? Anybody? Anybody swept up by Jesus? No? Oh ok cool
everyone is pissing me off today
great my xbox wont connect to the internet for NO REASON
got three A's and an A- for the semester! yay me!
Last day of the semester! Finishing my last paper, then getting ready for my last final!!!
Seguin, why haven't you been playing this whole time?
"Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal; bad poets deface what they take, and good poets make it into something better, or at least something different." -T.S. Eliot
Assassin's Creed: Revelation this November! Shiiiiiiiiiicccckkkkk
Bruins!
Newt Gingrich seriously needs to take a seat and stay quiet
My name's Billy Peters, I'm a Republican and I approve of KMFDM's new album "WTF?!"
i seriously need to get out of the national guard, like now thanks
Does someone wanna tell me why the Sox picked up Lackey? What a waste. Has-been
yes and we're a 4th place team
what is everyones problem today?
yeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr bruins!!!!!!
Some people just don't know when to take a hint
Way to go bin Laden! In your face!.... literally!
ohhhhhh waaatttt uuuuupp
Pure foolishness
I dream of unity; I shun assimilation.
Great, another heathen festival clogging the halls at BHCC. Why can't they go celebrate their dirt god somewhere else?
Hate burns calories. Calories fuel hate. Its a beautiful cycle of destruction :)
Deeeerrrrrpppp
How many more weeks until school is over? How many more papers? How many more crappy stories?
u go to westfield lol at least its prodominently white!
Im lookin at going to Lesley. But im going up to check out Dartmouth this Friday!
haha i cant wait. I might have a chance to go for freeeeee!!!!!
thanks YEIDIIIII!!!!!
Derrrrrppp agreed!!!
aaaaahahahahahahahahaha
doohhhh dippp dudeeee
Guess what? Life gets loud sometimes and messes with your ears!
Happy anniversary SB1070!
gym
There is no money in writing; there is no love in money.
Last bruins game of the regular season with margaret emily!!!!
This government shut down nonsense is unnacceptable. Obama needs to let go of his agenda and realize he's destroying America. Sign the damn budget plan!
Llird!!!
Nurse Yaaaackieeeeeeeee!
A painted sun in the abstract
You ever have a great idea, perhaps in a dream or at any given moment of consciousness, and it just captivates you? An idea so profound, that you simply forget it and are left with but only the feeling of loss as it fades away? That's my life. I'm a genius that forgets his brilliance the minute he has a eureka moment. In fact I don't even remember why I am sharing this. I am sure I had a good reason.
AMERICAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i need food :(
I'm becoming less defined as days go by
Fading away
And well you might say
I'm losing focus
Kinda drifting into the abstract in terms of how I see myself
Less concerned about fitting into the world
Your world that is
Cause it doesn't really matter anymore
Now I am somewhere I am not supposed to be and I can see things I know I really shouldn't see
And now I know why 
Things aren't as pretty
On the inside
I'm so glad to have a warm, clean and happy house to come home to. With people that make me feel like I belong here. There is nothing better...
i got my violence and hi-def ultrarealism!
Overtime!!!!!
About to take the plunge into the epicenter of left wing liberalism. Heading to Harvard Sq. May Republican Jesus watch over me as I walk through ralm of socialist hethens
Its been 3 days... and my eyeball is still itchy... -______-
why is a raven like a writing desk?
Gym time!
'Two and a half men' has been cancelled?!?!
This is not my life. This is not my home. This is not meee. I HATE THIS!
too much literature bleeeeeeeeeeeh
Who in their right mind believes disco is an appropriate music choice for a gym? Honestly?
Negative!
Six pairs of socks. I wash six pairs of socks. Within 24 hours, 5 pairs have vanished.... KILL
yea that seems to be the trend
damn dirty immigrants
boozies all day kidd! boozies all day
Boozin kid all day
Is looking Senatorial
Cuz I make this shit look good
of course the gym at school has yet again pushed back the opening date to the 28th. This is just stupid
I hope it rains
a computer that runs on windows, and does not have any microsoft office programs. only in my house would you find something that retarded
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
yea its perfuct cuz my goddamn major is ENGLISHHHH
also taking 3 lit classes so yea such is life in the big city i guess
Gymtime with Mr. Smiley
Ughhh goddamn ear infection
This is my life
I've made it so
My love is lost
I have no home

From gin and jack
My heart's turned black
I'm. So far gone
I'll never be back

I played my cards
I played em well
But my whole hand went-
Straight to hell!
This is what I was tellin you about you ignoramous
I can tell this is just gonna be another awesome day...
Yay... I'm. So glad I'm home...
You know that's sarcasm right?
i love how i have done one load of laundry in this house and already one of my favorite shirts is ruined.
all i wanted to do was go to the friggin gym
Just woke up from an accidental nap
it feels like i havent been to school in weeks... weird
yea bro misssshuu
I'm doing laudry for the first time since....
yay drill. Wicked lame
Filet mignon
Id like to thank Hascomb AF base for the bottle of Johnny Walker Green Label :)
there is a crazy pirate lady sitting across from me... she has a creepy pirate laugh.. ughhh
definitely not feelin drill this weekend
I hate 99% of the members of the Malden YMCA
Somewhat butnot entirely lol
I think I hate illegal immigrants most in the winter
i wonder if snow will ruin my entire education
Uckkk
Its just snow. If we get rid of all the illegals who don't know how to drive, everything will be fine. :)
seriously need to be done with BHCC.
yea i have just been here too long, and the school has let way to many people in; from way too many walks of life for my liking
yea i kno bleeehhh
where u gonna go parker?
I love it when I arrive at the train platform and the train is sitting there with its doors shut. Its almost as though the train is stairing at me condescendingly saying, "have a nice day, Billy! Go fuck yourself!"
"I'm a 60 year old woman with the vag of a newborn!" -Shameless
Sashimi and Sake with my fotze liebe and bisky n***r lover brings happiness to my heart and berry!
I just want to go on the record here saying that I truly despise 17th century French literature. And yes, I hate it more than contemporary French creations. That is all.
An der Turnhalle mit meinem Panda Liebe!
Just snagged a 10yr old bottle of wine :) I give it another hr before its gone
"That John Marston, you'sta be a hired killer for the Jews."
Red Dead Redemption!!!
so i just caught my cat stealing uncooked, dry pasta from a bowl and then proceed to attempt to eat it.... stupid cat
I hate you Tartuffe...
WTF gmail!?
tired and i have alot of reading to do  for 3 literature classes :(
wtf was i thinking lol
Not really feeling class right now
Most people can't crush a milk crate simply by standing on it. What I just saw was truly a spectacle of obesity
I'm gonna go use the row machine, then eat a salad, then throw it up, take some exlax, then pray to god that I never get fat
Gym time!
Well I'm sorry if I can't be normal like you
Watching Good Will Hunting
Not a bad first day at school. Now qdoba for my face
so... apparently they're makin a spider-man broadway show
Ohh I'm sorry I'm not asian
Comic con parker, comic con
lmao of course u do lol
School kid cool kid
I'm so glad I'm attending that thing I agreed not to clearly state on facebook at that unnamed persons house with all those unnamed people :)
So I am using votesmart.org to track elected officials and get a better look at their records and positions, and i found that my state representative, Stephen Smith, in all his glory, repeatedly refused to take a political survey that shows where he positions himself as a politician. thats real encouraging.
Fuck Rachel Maddow!
and Keith Olberman! Pieces of liberal trash!
is reading FOX NEWS because he's a REPUBLICAN!
yes John... the only thing liberal CNN has to offer is their stunningly accurate/up to date financials
thats not nice john
Errp
i guess i just hate everyonee today
Destruction at the Gym? I think so!!!!
There's one for the Gipper :)
I'm so glad fano and john are here ;)
Bought some new shirts worthy of t-shirt tiiiimeee!  :D
tomorrow mother nature better not be such a bitch
Qdoba for my faaaace
Settle down duuuuude
wants QDOBA!!!!!!!
Halo all day kid
????
I made an agreement with dinner. Sadly, dinner decided to violate that agreement.
Hate to say I told you so... better luck next year Pats
Hey I love the pats but I'm a realist lol
Is officially an xbox live gold member once again!
Gym time
mep...
Is the IRON CHEF
Really wants to be done with BHCC and move on to a bigger school. Soon enough :)
I know.. I just really wanna get over to UMASS Boston. I'm also gonna try to. Get into Lesly
yea Lesley University... Ohhh la mow i get it
need a change of scenery brahh
Fuck you FACEBOOK!!!! How dare you force this new profile on me like the Democrats with their dirty health care legislation! I have lost faith in you 
-____-
That's disgusting
Um ur catholic
U filthy heathen dirt worshiper :)
looks like im playin halo reach all day :)
These drills are sooo lame
Ryan get over the army
D&c I mean really? Oh and here is why its encouraging: "one of your buddies could be in one of these here caskets!" 
....thanks ass fuck
Well drill was pointless. Id like to thank the commander for reminding me that if I don't deploy soldiers will die. You're a real peach sir
LLIRD weekend
First episode of Jersey Shore: SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICKKKKK
Can't wait to watch JERSEY SHORE BECAUSE ITS AWESOME!
Thanks bro at least someone appreciates me skills
Just downloaded LIMBO for Xbox.... weird
Destruction at the gym! Fuck you fat cells
Yea cuz havin kids is cool
12 Monkeys
Nightmare before xmas monopoly with my coon lovers
Das boott!
Id like to thank Meg, Fano, John, Joel, Yanze, Walshie and Sen. Scott Brown for making 2010 one of the best years of my life!
i do what i can
U too jen :)
yay new years woo (monotone)....
Target someone at the gym; identify something you can hate about them; become angry; begin workout >:o
When you settle for less, you depreciate you own value.
I think its awesome that Obama cancelled NASAs Ares I rocket project because it was too expensive, yet Congress in all their glory kept the cancelled project going. $500,000,000 for technology development- technology that is likely to never be used. God bless America
Headin to lovely jamaica plain
Ya I fuckin wish brah
Only in Cambridge is there an abundance of liberals so ignorant and ungrateful that almost everywhere you go they will rudely turn away from a soldier. It really is disgusting
Is everyone fucking stupid?!
Thank you for not being asian tanger
Is in desparate need of the gym
To the armory! I guess everyone forgot that they live in New England so they're all retarded after a tiny little blizzard. Democrats smh
Ya dude where ru?!
I have noticed some spelling errors on fb today that are more than typical lazy typing. The word RIDICULOUS is not spelled REDICULOUS. This lesson has ended.
Thnks blizzard for killin my workout for the dayy >:o
Family Guy mit mein panda pree
For all of you who are taking Christmas for granted- think about all who are over in Iraq and Afghanistan away from home, risking their lives. Think about those who can't celebrate Christmas so you can safely. All I want for Christmas is for them to come home safe
Dohhhhh dipppp duuuuudee
SSDH
Last workout before holiday fatness begins!
Gym time! Gettin a workout crucial to combatting holiday fatness
Dead Money is no joke
and an A- for Psychologyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!
Got another Afor the semsterrr!!!!!!!!!
Blue man group was awesome!
I literally walk into this house and instantly begin to hate everything
So yea, Dead Money, they start u off by knockin u out, ur companions abandon u, then u wake up in a toxic underground city stripped of almost everything with a slave collar on ur neck at the mercy of some crazy mad scientist. This is gonna be fun
Gym time. Because being fat is wrong
Shut up moosh brain!
all done with school for 2010!
Off to take my final. Hope the train takes 25 minutes to arrive just like yesterday
studying for my last final this semester
oh god i have to spend the holidays with u again :)
Well I think it would've been best to stay home. Don't feel ready for my final yet so I'll take it tomorrow. Maybe it was the high concentration of dirty liberals at the school or the high volume of illegal immigrants, idk. Bleeehh tomorrow's another day!
So sad that the children of Massachusetts are brought up to think that Republicans are evil. Ladies and gentleman how about taking a little more of a centrist approach to things? Lets play nice.

I'm Billy Peters, and I'm a Republican
Vote for me!
Hi, have we met? Lol
i just dont understand how poor people are fat...
Got an A in College Writing II Honors!!!!! Wuuuuuuut uuuuuuuuup!
Goin to see The Fighter tonight can't wait!
"At the end of the day, we were alll once jewsh-then we all jumped ship."
Fallout New Vegas, then out with The Big Palooka
There are few things I appreciate more than the veterans of past wars. But its a little weird sitting in a waiting room at the VA and everyone around you looks about at least 50 years older than me.
Little bit lol
I'm at jp and I went to physical therapy but don't worry my darkskinned brother I'm a takin man, so she's all yours
So yea... how bout christmas nexxt week....
I check one of the closets at my moms... there's gotta b something relatively pricey but useless to me
Those just to name a few ideas
My bad pfi pfi. I forgot ppl with moosh brain hate the holidays
my brain is becoming moosh from all this writing.
is using facebook in class because he is a hardcore learner
thats friggin mean
this better be ur last semester -__-
ur doin my math homework  -__-
there are about 2.7billion others i can choose from
i know i said this before but, i wish i could hire some Farmville illegal immigrants to sneak onto my farm and harvest my crops because the internet isnt allowing me access :(
definitely got an A on my immigration paper! See, there is an appropriate way to hate those dirty little rats
When did my facebook become so red? :)
pickett, there are no A+'s in college
pickett, there are no A+'s in college
I really don't like people who don't have eyebrows
I like you Chrissy, now feel special lol and tangaaaaahhhh we have like 496845747 mutual friends lol
Gym because obama will tax me if I get fat
Finals week! No procrastinating allowed!
Finally finished a 13-page paper about immigration reform. Blarrrggg. I think this may be one of my greatest written works. Watch me get a B on it then go on a killing spree
hey isnt ur ethnographic project on the gay pride parade in province town
u kidding me i was gonna copy ur project
i did but i focused on labor camps based on the ones in Stalin era Siberian prison
Ill send uone
Here's a number that is NOT a game, 5825. That's how many TROOPS have been KILLED in Iraq & Afghanista n protecting YOU. Now THAT is a status I'd like to see on everyone's page Question is..who is thankful enough to repost this
wishes he could hire some Farmville illegal immigrants to sneak onto my farm and harvest my crops because my internet isnt allowing me access :(
well i mean really if i cant get on to my farm, obviously i should find someone who is good at breaking into places they really shouldnt be :)
sssssssss!
ssssss!
The gym can't even handle me right now!
Welcome to RightWay Hotline! We are here to ensure that your American way of life is done the RIGHT WAY. Press 1 for English. Press 2 For English. Press 3 to acknowledge the fact that you need to hang up and learn English immediately or leave the U.S.
DJ Tiesto is a soundtrack to existence
miss rollin down those hills in neutral in syracuse
la mow!
Welcome to RightWay Hotline! We are here to ensure that your American way of life is done the RIGHT WAY. Press 1 for English. Press 2 For English. Press 3 to acknowledge the fact that you need to hang up and learn English immediately or leave the U.S.
My names Bill Peters, and Im a republican :D
I knew you would say something lol
and i just wanna go on the record sayin this is my own original material :)
Okay congress, let's get something straight. Your job is to provide legislation that will benefit the country and its people. Whether we are in a recession or not , it is your responsibility as lawmakers to do what's right!
Businesses and individual workers cannot afford tax hikesright now. You need to be reasonable. If the Obama-GOP Compromise isn't passed, this country is going to be sent plunging back into the recession. And as for the 13 month extension of unemployment benefits, you need to take funds away from inactive programs, unnecessary pet projects and other wasteful means. DO NOT RAISE THE DEFICET! DO NOT RAISE TAXES ON ANYONE MAKING LESS THAN $500K! 
I'm getting sick of the number bullshit!
Troy, thank you for the input. So helpful. Meg my love again u r the voice of reason :)
la mow
omg there are too many chinese people at the gym!
the last octoberfest...
Meg: "its funny tht you have time of death form but you don't have a birth certificate."
Me: its only halfway filled out :)
ok can ppl serious quit it with the number thing?
wut is this nonsense with this whole numbers game?
Well tht stupid
i just heard the best lyric ever! "'Dont believe in the Uzi, 'just went off in my hand!"
Oh great... another African festival at school. Yippee (monotone sarcasm)
so much to do but dont wanna do any of it!!!! Procrastination 101
god i wanna be done with this semester >:O
just so everyone knows, I am not changing my Republican Jesus profile picture. dont hate
SHOOT ME IN THE FUCKINGGGG FAAACEE!!!!!
Dear Congress,
Here is a proposition. Don't raise taxes on anyone who makes less than 500k and extend unemployment by taking funds from earmarked projects and partisan spending procedures. The money for NPR, research projects in Africa, and Mars "colonization" projects as well as other funds that aren't being used or directly stimulating the economy.
Thanks
William Pfeiffer is a brownie hound
WWRJD?
LLIRD
Doin things!
MIXOLOGY!
Its 1010 at night, I've eaten like 8 times today, and I'm friggin starving..... yes I will eat again!
New XBOX today. If this one shits the bed in anything less than 4 years I will destroy Microsoft. 

p.s. Microsoft, you are ass evil as Walmart. If the two of u had a child i wonder what it would be called. MicroMart? WalSoft?
No Jerry, you're dead.
Ohh I am dead, but I'll be making a guest appearance on Dancing With the Stars :D
its called the DREAM Act because that all it will ever be...
and it provides amnesty. Instead of amnesty we should provide bullets
Wants to go to vegas...
At the gym. Maybe I shouldn't shower, cuz the african guy I'm gonna end up tutoring later doesn't brush his teeth. Maybe my sweat will ward of his bad breath
it isnt easy being on the Right side of things. ;)
nope thats the left google it
I am still on my way home.... bleeeeeehhh
Docs appointment in lovely JP
You gotta be kiddin me!? Another fucking red ring of death
SHUT THE FUCK UP
Carmen this is the 5th one goddam it and i hold you responsible!
fuck off lol im goin to bring this piece of shit in tomorrow. If ur arm is still in that cast... dont come into work
im thinkin about it cuz i wanna play heavy rain and MGS4 again
Words are flying out like endless rain into a paper cup. 
They slither while they pass 
They slip away across the universe 
nothins gonna change my world...
Hates wen people don't walk up escalators >:o
I move with a purpose angela. nobody wants to be in my way... no one -_-
Oh comcast what is ur deal?!
Gym time!
Bed. Tomorrow: GTL :D
A balanced diet of pills and powder mmmmmm
Ladies and gentlemen i'd like to ask all of you to stop posting your heartache and sorrow on FB. Thank you and stop being a suzie :)
Please brian u got enough estrogen to make Silvester Stalone lactate
And as for my farm, u can plant ur poker chips there. They'd b better off.
Oh poor pumpernickle :( waaah go bake me something u dirty little hampster
Ur gonna make a great housewife someday
Fact!
im thankful i dont have kids :)
Why doesnt anybody help me with my farm? :'(
>:O LAW LAW
For everyone praising the pats after branchs touchdown catch, remember, they're playin the lions and they're tied. Oh ya pats look real super bowl bound
Waaaaah waaaaaah waaaaaah suck my balls 
So yea, tomorrows thanksgiving....
DearMr. President, I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year. Would you also consider cutting your own pay to savemuch more money for our country? While you're at it, let's cut down congress' pay too. If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why would we continue raising pay for ...those who take no risks and reap the benefits? Keep it going if you agree.
Bleeeeeehhhh I'm tired
On thee way to the ghetto with Markis Orealeeus
Really not feeling going to Roxbury after class.
WHY CANT I GET ON FARMVILLE?! F############CCCKKK
Its just not right!
Learn how to punctuate, Gislaine! You filthy immigrant! <3
Sounds like somebody's ridin the waaaaaambulance!!!
I'm so glad ppl r letting me kno wuts goin on
Idk lol I hav a mac
Lol
Welp, looks like im awake
Food comaaa
Me: "Hey is the FCC monitoring you guys?"
Mark: "I am the fucking FCC!"
Once a Rebuplican, always a Republican!
Gym then school
Oh its always such a pleasant event when I visit the household.
FUCK CULTURAL ANTHRO I DONT GIVE A FUCK!!!
Scumbag
Skool kid kool kid
Fuck DORY
IRENE!!!!
Id like to thank everyone that wished me and all the vets happy veterans day and thanked us for our service. Everyone else that didn't do anything for a veteran or doesn't intend to can go screw.
Where?
I am on 3rd xbox tonight
Just suffered the red ring of death on his xbox 360.... fucking kill my face
I just bought another one
And the one I just bought doesntt fucking work
.... and the xbox I just bought, the controller sync button on the console doesn't work. Tomorrow I am goin to get a 4th one. Tonight... my old one is goin in the oven
It wasn't engaging the button at all so I popped of the front casing and pushed it with a pen
hates women that look like drew carey
Thanks to everyone that I've served with, even the assholes, and to everyone who has/is served/serving. 315,000,000 people live in America while only 2.7million serve in her Armed Forces. If you dont wanna serve, instead of saying a worthless thank you, why dont you go out and do something for a veteran.
Fallout New Vegas <3
Today has just sucked
this school is retarded
Bill Peters 2012!
Dreams take wing ;)
This weather is stupid and I dont like it!
At the gym, someone has been shitting for the last 20 minutes and the stench is so foul its leaking through the door into the cardio room. Goddam liberals and their weird organic foods shitting everywhere and smelling like a scene from the walking dead.
Somehow I knew you'd comment on this
Don't you speak ill of our senator!
And the smell of bottled. Water lingered heavy in the air...
Whatsa matter mother nature? What is is ya period?
I am seriously still here? Wtf
I'm so glad I'm at drill
Home sweet fucking home
Omg I'm freakin starving
So I'm walkin through Fanuel Hall and BAM! I get hit in the face by a pidgeon!
What a lovely start to my day!
Is very irritated
Four more huh? Someday it'll be my turn.
is very disappointed :(
Just voted for Charlie Baker!
Tomorrow is election day!
I would vote for shelly duval over Deval Patrick
Bobby C's food coma :)
Fallout new vegas baby!
Its fucking amazing. But u gotta do more talkin than shootin
Studying bleehhh
Hope everyone has fun tonight and stays safe
I love how when I do nice things, people worry 
Oh yea let me tell ya
Gym
Today is not going well at all.
I'm really beginning to think that today is going to be filled with stupidity
Gym!
I just did
Discussing polyandry in anthropology.... weird
Yea cuz I wanna learn all about sharing a wife
Holy shit thank god for red bull
So far in my cultural anthropology class I have learned: NOTHING!
Thank you mila
Well if it makes u feel better I'm only taking it because I have to lol
Just doin my school shit u?
Ughh so don't wanna be awake right now
Fuck Pavlov's dogs!
WhAt the hell are talking about? Of course he used real dogs.
Is that how you really think drool is spelled? And tea badgers? Sounds like a wild animal. Good job slick ;)
I am voting for Baker because this state cannot afford 4 more years of Deval Patrick. I know that some people want to express themselves by voting independent or write-in, but lets face it, that approach is not going to bring any real change. So please vote for Charlie Baker November 2nd. Its the only way real change will come to Massachusetts.
I know Troy lol
This year we have 4 candidates: Jill Stein, Treasurer Tim Cahill, Charles Baker, and incumbent Governor Patrick. This is my stance on this whole election, and I only mean to say that this is how it will be played out. Cahill doesn't stand and chance and neither does Stein. Forget about them. The only way to vote is to choose the lesser of two evils. Patrick or Baker.
There are a lot of people out there getting ready to vote. Every election period, people begin trying to decide which candidate they will vote for by looking at who they are, what they have done and what they are offering. We sometimes get 2, 3, 5 candidates. Maybe they are all a bad choice, no one really knows.
studystudystudy
Fallout New Vegas and being a fat kid
Gym time!
VOTE FOR CHARLIE BAKER!
Still looking for something to do on Halloween! Anyone have anything goin on?????
You know, right after I posted this, I had a feeling you would comment on it. Lol
I thought u were at ranger school lol
Ah that blows
A hispanic woman just entered the train carrying a book with the words "El Cartel" printed in big bold lettering
Why do we even bother having a congress? These U.S. Disrict Court Judges seem to be good a making and changing laws themselves. I'm sure that a judge who has never served knows what's best for the military.
Gym time
TWO MORE DAYS TIL FALLOUT NEW VEGAS!!!!!!
Hammmmmmmmmid at IHOP
goin to the Rock N Shock with the lady then boozin tonite. Hit me up if you wanna come by
today is like blaaaarrrrgggggghhhhhhh
Qdoba and jersey shore w/ meine liebe :)
Is pretty damn aggrivated
Today is gonna b one of those fuckin days
Please god, don't let my head phones die. I can't bare to hear all these minorities speaking at once :(
Wut ever u think, ur wrong! Lol
Skool kid cool kid
Gym time!
oh ya funny kiiiiid
Topsfield fair mit meine liebe!
Gym!
So halloween is comin... who's throwin a party????????
Hau ruck! Bitches
Well today got stupid early
Chicken brocoli and ziti for breakfast wuuuuuut uuuuup
fox news then bed
My freakin back is killinggggg meeeeh
What is this monsoon nonsense about?!
I like it on the toilet
Makin chicken broccoli and ziti
shhh thts the secret ingredient
There's an app for that haha
God is an American....
Off to jfk. Wicckeedd exciting
On my way to school loving this glorious weather
Drill drill drill lame lame lame
not having drill for three months really make you grow fond of not being in uniform. Drill this weekend, super exciting(sarcasm)
Stupid lame ass droid battery! Phones dead finishing up my night with a few beers then headin home
Helpig whitlock move then hometo relax with my love
studying and feeling sick as a dog.
I gotta stop slackin
GIVE IT TO ME STRAIGHT DOCTOR JEWISH!!!
No peace without justice, and that's for real!
Bunker Hill let far too many students attend this year
Oohhh hhhooo! Earthquake in iran wuuuut uuuup!
heading to the gym. Still up in the air about tonite. Let me know if anything is goin on
and the smell of bottled water lingered heavy in the air...
And do ya know the best part about chaos? Its fair....
Did I seriously just spend 2 hours writing 5 pages about wut goes on in the d-lounge at school? Wow sociology blows
finishing this stupid sociology paper then skool kid kool kid
All signed up for my Everett Police interview!!!! NICIEEESSS!!!!
Damn straight!
ha! fuckin deal. Good money good benefits!
Thanks bru
DEAD!
In the words of Vern from the Breakfast Club: "Im gonna kick your dick in the dirt!"
And the smell of bottled water lingered heavy in the air...
All im trying to do is study in peace and the haitians across the street are blairing music in a car parked in their drive way across yelling ridiculously. Seriously? Go somewhere!
I honestly believe that Brett Farve may be clinically retarded.
Running
I'm not playin these little fuck fuck games
I think if more American businesses took as much pride in their work as Sam Adams does, they would probably find themselves to be a lot more successful
Gym study gym study KILL
I dont agree with any of this!
Crystal hoppes!
So what do ya know, and how does it feel? No Peace without Justice and that's for real!
gym, study, gym, study...
Sacha Baron Cohen is to play the role of Freddy Mercury.... holy shit
Gym
If my fucking barber isn't open I'm gonna kill something!
Being an English major sucks balls sometimes.
Bullets, Bombs, bigotry
Its what's for dinner
Talia, that's a fucking ugly shirt!
A mouth like fahkin Chernobyl kiiiid
Downloading Knights of the Nine and the Shivering Isles. That's right bitches
so yea, im gettin closer to being on the Everett police... hopefully
which ever works best lol
WHAT ALISHA?!
i always have been
I got ya back kiiid
Haircut, gym, study, kill
It starts raining and all of sudden everyone is a fuckin retard
another glorious day graced upon us by His noodley appendage!
Primary elections today
One key to gym workout success: hate everything around you :)
There's a bunch of fuckin whales here
Hey, genius dwarf man, no one gives a shit about what u say because u r wearing a fucking kilt and tennis shoes!
Up and at em. Gym then school 930-4
Golf is bliss
Now that's a touchdown!!!
And a deaf dog whispered something that a blind man couldn't hear...
If it wasn't so expensive I would come here every weekend!!!
King Richard's Fair!
Tomorrow I say
Remember those who fell on 9/11. Remember to appreciation your life and the people in it and the freedoms and opportunities that exist in it.
No I spelled it correctly dick fuck
Love u panda
I got my second wind, now I feel like a hurricane!
hurricane big mofo
In the words of bill vanderbeck, Michael, your so gay man! Lmao
Asian lady at the gym, get ur nasty SARS feet off the mat u skinty eyed duck bill mouthed fuck!
Squinty*
u love it doctor!!!!
First day on the job and pow bill gets his fuckin head blow off! ...and the worst part is.... HE WAS GONNA BE A DAD!
Well the gym was all kinds of stupid...
September 14th is the day to vote! Get that scumbag Stat Smith out of office!
wuts with all the man-dikes at school lately
School then to the gym!
Gettin a little drank with the people
destruction in my house aaaaaah
School is off to a good start :)
external studies seemed like a good idea... not really
Holy shit its as hot as the devils ass in my class. The devil is megan fox btw
Headin to school
Back to school in the AM!
Also, just so people in everett know, the city is exempt to the Jobs bill money that was passed due to careless spending on projects such as the $50,000 football turf at Everett Stadium. Yes, turf is more important than hiring teachers and public safety officers and funding schools
Uh the city spent $50000 
Like I said, there's more important things money can be spent on
In case all of you don't know, septeember 14th is the day to vote. Ed Markey, Deval Patrick, Stat Smith, and Didomenico, they all need to go. They haven't help us. They haven't listened. They have lied, cheated and cause reckless financial downfall. Get out there and vote.
cant sleep :(
King Richards Fair was awesome!
"I'm a dentist and I don't think this country is headed in the right direction."
Sorry brother tattoo convention
its goin on til monday. i might go then idk yet
not too bad
is eating two boxes of mac 'n cheese with a ridiculous amount of added mozzarella!
Gym
today my cat has knocked over my coffee, chewed on internet wires again, and pissed all over my assault pack and my school papers. KILL KILL KILL!!!!
i hope to!
Or boo
think ill be hitting up the gym in a little bit
so yea....
There comes a time in every mans life when he must choose what's best for him. That choice may come with expectation or short notice. Either way, he must choose. I've made my decision and I'm sticking to it
I can't do this anymore
"Billy, your funeral ias gonna be like that Rammstein video."... "you mean haifisch?" "Yea, with me fighting some stupid pregnant bitch, and all your friends getting into a fight outside."... "...that awesome!"
Fuck you rain!
theres a pet cemetary in my living room....
School starts next week, I'm not starting math until next semester, but I am looking for help brushing up on it. Anyone who can help?
dude i can barely divide. i havent touched math in so long
Awesome day so far!
Remember to vote Charlie Baker for Governor!!!
Beach day!!!!
Fano loves the grandma porn
Facebook stop being stupid!!!!!!
School starts in one week...
Off to the gym!
this place is a mess!!!!
So far my day has gone accordingly, the 109 bus not only came late, but manage to be late by 2 scheduled stops, also with no 104 bus showing at all. Now, here at sullivan for the last 15 minutes, 3 trains to Oak Grove have past without any to Forest Hills. I think the MBTA should just replace their schedule with a memo that says, "Attention MBTA passengers, we'll be there when we feel like it. Fucking deal!"
And to make things better, an empty train just drove past without stopping. Love it!
Holy moly its hot
is taking care of business!!!!
Holy crap! Too much burritooooo!
Gymskies
Winner Winner chicken dinner!!!!
Suffolk downs!
oh new oakleys wuuuuut uuuuup
Gym!
suspenderful- fano
Fallout!
busy week ahead but i still gotta make time to buy books and register for another class :)
goddam my crackhead neighbors
St. Anthony's Feast! Outstanding!
Who's the goddam hippy liberal fagot communist fuck responsible for this lame ass music playin at the gym?!
Gym. Tan. Smoosh.
So I'm pretty sure I aced my final! Goooo me! :D
There are seriously two trannies on the bus right now...
Think of the undertaker, from wrestling, make him 18" shorter, and fat wearing short shorts. That was one of rhem
No but that would b cool
Last final today!
when the hell will this rain let up?!
I seriously wanna build a fuck off fence around my house
Off to the gym in this lovely weather!
They tell us what we can and cannot do... same thing we've heard a hundred times before
class 4-615 loving the rain
Ich tu dir weh!
Tut mir nicht leid!
Das tut dir gut!
Hör wie es schreit!
final presentation tonight!
yea so about this weather.... please stop
i have my final presentation tonight at 930
around
maybe
Oh god I'm full :)
Bertuccis with the madre
Listen up janet reno, I will cut out ur eyeballs and swap them with ur testicle so u can see me stomp ur dick into ur throat
FUCK POWERPOINT!!
fml my phone is dead
WTF?! Why is everyone having babies and/or getting married?!
I deployed. I'm not married. Or have any kids... that. I kno of
bleeeehhhhh
So yea... I'm awake... gym in a little bit.
Nice chilled out day. Much needed
Is anything interesting goin on tonight people?
Finally the malden Y built a room for these retArded teenagers! Now the just need to build one for midgets and fat ppl!
Gym tan smoosh!
is a sexy beast
blaaaargggghhhh
Omg fuck youuuu new mobile facebook! You suck balls!
up and at 'em. Gettin a little studying in then gymgymgym!
Keep pressing it, it'll make it go faster!
If the future looks bleak, stop dwelling on fears of failure and conquer the opposition!
Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter...
Fact!
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS, ONE NATION UNDER GOD, INDIVISIBLE, WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL. (I grew up saying this every morning in school - it's a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending ...someone). NOW, LET'S SEE HOW MANY AMERICANS WILL REPOST AND NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING ANYONE!
Homework is hell
Off to school
so sick of studying
Just marinated some alligator tail meat! Mmmm :)
Its better than chicken!
bleeeeehhh
Long day ahead
I just remembered washing my clothes by hand wen I was in iraq, using a buckets and shampoo. I used to hang them out to dry on a string of 550 cord where the ledge overlooking the Euphrades river was. Idk y, but it made me smile, kinda like a good time that missed
Relaxin today studying. Nice dinner and a movie with my lovely lady later :)
Attention my fb, stop excessively posting song lyrics!
How is my estranged son?
Oblivion....classic!
Gym, tan, smoosh lmao
Fudruckers mit meine liebe!
Something stinks... like stail french fries...
Fat girls. Booty shorts. Genocide!
Ugh so much studyinggg
At Jim Brewers with the panda
Getting ready for my presentation on the Arizona Immigration Law
thanks brah!
at the end im gonna take an H&K 416 an demonstrate how i would implement my own Immigration Law! Akakakaakakakaahaah
So yea there's definitly a pregant cat just chillin on my porch
One big happy family (sarcasm)
Stop with all this nonsense!
Once I start I can not stop myself
Makin chicken and rice then off to school!
NO MORE NINJAS!
Definitly just saw a dude with katana slung on his back in malden center
Gymgymgym
Tonight, on Unsolved Mysteries, find out WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT BIG FOOT!
What's going on for tonight people?????
Fried dough :D
Adventures todaYyyyy!
Awesome game at fenway tonight! :)
Loving the Sox tonight!
This weather is awesome!
All I hear is: blah blah blah I'm a stupid bitch. Shaddup!
My whole neighborhood seems deserted. I love it!
Read the news, it'll make ya feel better. ;)
:D
Everything about you is starting to piss me off. Stop spewing out bullshit because everyone knows that its a lie. How about using that mental energy to do something with your life.
They want to build a mosque at Ground Zero. Let em build it so we can blow it up!
It shouldn't be anywhere near it
Think about this nadia, and thisll cheer ya up, without sex.... there would be no religion!
Beautiful day! School til 6
Finally outta class
Class 6-930
Gym, tan, smoosh
Awesome show! Except for puddle of shiiiit
Shlammmerdammmered
Haaaammmmmmmmmmmid grabbin mcdeesss
beeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaahhhhhs!!!!
Cmon my bru
Getting ready for a little bit of chaos!
theres a fucking el salvadorian illegal immigrant convention going next door. god i wish i had some grenades! Call the NIS
Seriously
Fahk em
Who cares they're dirty dirty people
Ur face is dirty
Gross!
...just like heaven
Off to the gym then then closin my pool then tearing up the town
An easy night tonight. Tomorrow, chaaaaaaooooss!
SpAce people on the train!
Definitely just realized that Walt disney in all his wisdom of subliminal racism, created Pinnocio to make fun of Italians! LMFAO!
Hahaha yea
Finally done with my paper. And I did a damn good job too.
Ssssssssss
Class til 6 its too damn hot in school
bleeeeeeeeeehhhh
This is awesome i love not sleeping
At margaritas with my love
Junkies just have a certain kind of filth about them...
I am starving! Definitely should have eaten before I got to school :(
Is benching 325 lbs again!
Don't hate
I said pounds not calories big guy
Brian, get over high school
Go check ur cholesterol
Oh yes cuz I wanna be just like you (sarcasm).
I also couldn't stand making only $60 per pay period
Hey old man stay outta this!
U do realize that a lawyer you would have to work more than 8 hours a week right?
I think I'll do just fine. I do right now afterall.
i will concede to that max lol
Off to the gym then school
Fuckin IRENE baby!
To the bakery!
That was a good nap :)
Sooo tired... bleeeh
Blaaaerrrrrrrrgggghhhh
Ppl r bn so crabby today. Shut up and enjoy your lives
I love how every time I wind up walking through the City of Cambridge while in uniform, people look at me like there's something wrong with me. Jesus have any of you been thankful for your freedom lately?
Luv ya tracey! And I wish him well
Fact! Liberal scum
Super exciting action packed overnight at the armory! Can u say BOORRRRRIIIIIIIIIIING!?
Nope
Inception was amazing!
Mini golf then inception!
so yea, id say last night was a success!
Why the fuckam I awake ?! I don't agree with this at all!
Hammmmmmmmmid
Still haammmmmmmmmid
Johnny combs his hair, Johnny wants pussy in car, Johnny's an American
One last banga with the kids tonight! my how theyve grown so much
What's going on tonight people?!
Showering then to the gym. Lookin to partyy later wuuut uuup
I don't care if its raining, I'm grilling anyway!
I swear to god if u guy are planning to party on my fb lmao
Just havin a few ppl over
Wut fuckin bar r u goin to
O ic, well if u wanna come by its cool nothing big. I'm lookin for parties for tomorrow
In malden?
Writing in public is sooo cool.
Imagine the devastation a zombie attack in somerville would cause...
Storrow drive is hideous
-_-
Super sass!
Idk y but I have a feeling that today is gonna be a little stupid
Bowling with liz
Class 6-9
Yup
I love summer!
Being a liberal is gross
i love you
Panda!

no but they did lie to keep one going, btw it was stopped by a conservative
a lost cause
luv ya girly
notice how brian totally got own by my response. hmm learn ur history before debating id say
and im pretty sure LBJ decided to overturn NSAM 263, dated October 11, 1963, the order to withdraw troops from vietnam
LBJ Liberal Bastardized Jackass
Im aware of this. The point is a dem started a war, and no matter how u look at it a dem kept it going
If we had and an idea about what we do here we wouldn't be very good at it would we? We would be cunts. Are you callin' us cunts?
maybe yes, maybe no, maybe fuck yaself! lmao
U had different accents didn't you? You did u little fuckin snake!
wut are you a fuckin psychiatrist
i want to put a bullet between the eyes of every Panda that wouldnt screw to save its species...
I am hunggrrrryyyyyy
Showering then class 355-730
Gym
Holy shit my professor is on meth lol fun first class but way to long
On my way to school kid cuz I'm a cool kid :)
Silly white girl, playin in the mud is filthy and wrong. U shud b ashamed
Going to bed soon. Getting up early and gymin it and tomorrow night I start class!
Long but good day :)
The beach makes me hungryyyyy
Hampton beach wuuuut uuuup
Not even midnight and I've had An awesome night
Infantry ball tonight!
Its so damn hot.... milk was a baaad choice
I just saw a man dressed as a cheerleader wearing a hairnet in the mens bathroom
Can't sleeeep fml
Awesome fucking weather
Gym then... I don't know... hmu
Showerin then beach with the girly
Since when does the city of everett hav an Underwater Search and Recovery unit? Wtf
where the hell is tht?
oh lol well thats weird. maybe ill get put on the diving team
Irene bitch!
I had better get my god damn droid today!!!!
Solar powered dildo lamps wuuut uuuuup
Gym
Someday I am going to open up a republican themed restaurant and reestablish a good taste of America
How the fuck is panera out of bread bowls? Wtf
this is bullshit
Sevendust in 18 days!
All star game
Its all silliness in this world which we all share
The panda is angry!
blaaaaaaaablaaaaa blaaaaa
Gymskies
THIS RAIN IS BULLSHIT!!!!
where wud we play

nonsense
Ru jamooks makin plans on my status?!
niggers!
whooooaa hold the the phone madd haddaaaahh
Lebron?
I'm Def on my piece of shit phone and there was no icing
Oh Look! CUPCAKES!
is it fair to call a place home when you always feel like you dont belong there?
im as calm as a hindu cow
Beach bound!
Hammmmmmmmmmid
Shammmer
my phone is fucking fried fuck u rain!
welp im officially soaked fml :p
boooze and foooood
My house
Gym, movies then madness at mi casa tonight, call/ text kheed
Ppl who buy San Pelligrino r retarded
Avatar in IMAX! Wuuuut uuuuup!
Going to see Sevendust and Shinedown!
Sevendust, Chevelle, puddle of mudd and shinedown! Wuuuuutt uuuup!
high council at the casa with wuts left of the 2nd circle
dislikes fat street cunts.
Jesus that was quick lol
its too hot :(
I wouldn't mind a little chaos tonight!
like and hours worth of AIDS!
There are horror movie lights in brians bathroom
what is good world?
apparently im not cool enough for madelyn wyse! jk luv ya kehd
such a fahkin sweethahhht
it is a hot one today!
Gym time!
Ah, such is life in the big city
to the high council! Teddy williams!
At the gym on this blazing day
blaaablaaaabllaaaaaaa!!!
So yea... Spartacus is definetly the greatest tv series ever!
SPARTACUS!!!!!
Loving life at the beach with my lady :)
Beach todayyyyy!
Watchin the mist with the girly then draaaaaaanks with my humans
Tonight at house I'll be hosting some pongage, bring some booze and we'll get fahkin hammmmmid!
Happy 4th of july everyone. Booozin at the house tonight who's coming by?
U know she is
Sweet thnx hun. But now everones gonna think I'm an illegitimate dafd
Ugh holy hangover
Hammmmmmmmmid!
There are faggots in polos everywhere
Ggettin ready to go out for my birthday drinkies madness with my favorite ppl! Gonna get fahkin hammmmmmmmmid!
Dicks last resort with the girly, took part in a street performance and went into zumas bought a shot. Of tequila and used the bathrooom wuuuuut uuuup
Fuck u brazil!
So did slaves
I love me
Gym
Last day in the armory
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday and especially to @Meg Snow who was and is the best part of my day
So... yea... this is my bday
Thnx hun :)
Ah... different lol I'm all grown up now
Yea happy fucking bday me
Not so much brah
Careful... I bought soju ;)
Spending my birthday countin bodies like sheep to the rhythm of the war drum
Just some bees plz
Ugh this is laaame
Bleeeeeehhh
i am exhausted :l
Hey ppl can u all stop driving like handicap children? Thanks
This is wickeeeeedddd laaaamee
Another awesome day of pointless sitting around. At least I'm getting paid
Wow its too damn hot in this god forsaken armory
Its funny how weapons like tht aren't nearly as cool as they were wen u had never touched one
Easy hard charger, these civis don't know how it is. Anyone with experience knows the beretta m9 is a piece of pussy shit. FACT!
i think im still drunk....wuuuuut uuuup
nice nil mothafucka!
bleeeeeeh
Wie nennt man dieses Haus?
This is what happens when they allow retards to work in educational institutes. fuck youuu!
I DON'T CARE WHO DISAGREES OR WHO I AM OFFENDING WHEN I SAY THIS, FUCK MICHAEL JACKSON AND I'M GLAD HE'S DEAD! :)
And who gives a shit about farra fossett
Pineapple juice...
Fuckin street cunts
Slam pigs!
I love being held accountable for things I had absolutely no idea about
"Nothing makes your dick easier to take, but I still enjoy every inch of it." -Meg Snow. Thnx babe :)
Shut up u french bastidddd
I'm soooooo freakin tired
Today is wickeeeeeed laaaaaame
Yup, I'm really awake right now...fml
Its so damn hot... milk way a bad choice
Great...
I DON'T AGREE WITH ANY OF THIS!
Combatives in the rubber pit 10 minutes after eating pizza wuuut uup
Some ppl simply lack decency
Yea... I need to get outta here
Stupid mustaches!
Almost done!
MBITTAAAAAH!!!!
My brain is fried.  :l
Raahaahaahahaahahaahahahaahahaahahahaahahahahahaahr
Long day... I miss my friends and my girlfriend :(
U a farfrom a classy broad
Wtf is this happy faggot horseshit happening in the chow hall!?
I now have Final fantasy iii on my android! Wuuuut uuuup XD
Shiiiick
One and ya fuckin done kid!
I hate the French and the Canadians... and the Welsh
Could really go for a zombie attack right about now...
The world cup is lame
But do hope brazil loses
I hope france beats them again. Their useless and their food sux 
U r brazilian weirdo ass
Too much for u to pay for lol
I forgot u got that job on the corner :p
Ya funny kid
Good idea girly :)
I hope I live to see a zombie attack someday...
Wish I could bro stuck down the cape fml
Uggghhh this is wickeeddd laaaame!
I'm so glad my tents leaking
For President
Ill take that as ur vote walshie
Fuck u gary lmao
Gary my bday comin up and its been way too long
I'll b done training on the 21st I'll let ya know wuts up
THIS ISN'T SOME HOMOSEXUAL PARTY WITH A BUNCH OF FAGGOTS SLAPPING THEIR DICKS TOGETHER!!! THIS IS FUCKING WAR!!!
This is wickeeed laaame
Setz dich auf mein gesicht!
I think its awesome that the filter for my pool is broken and I have to pay $300 dollars for a new one. I'm so glad I'm doing this by myself!
Of course not
Here goes another long day
I don't agree with this!!!
To cause havoc and hopefully come to FL to see ur goofy ass
I love how I wake up and its fucking freezing down the cape
Bed...wake up at 4 for another fun filled day,... not really fml
This is the begin of my awesome summer. I am sooo partying my ass off when I get back!
I don't speak Spanish!
I'm so glad we got up at 4 this morning. That's sarcasm btw
Very long first day of AT fuck this
I'm seriously gonna be 24 this month... fml
Lol 
Lol 
Camp edwards... ughh
Fml AT has begun
Last day before AT, draaaaaaaaaaaanks tonite!
Booze ked booze ked
Sames :( I wanna come down and see u guys after we're done
Beautiful day before I go away for 2 weeks! Get at me!
Aaaahhh! Cambridge! There are liberals everywhere!
im really not feelin goin to AT
Lunch with the madre
Fuckin skanks!
Gym
My voice is completely gone fml
I will destroy u nadia
I DON'T AGREE WITH ANY OF THIS!!!
Hammmmmmmmmmmid!!!
Wuuuuuuut uuuuup booze kid killlaa
Goin to the gym and the steamroom on this glorious day
Golfin... dranks tonite?
I wanna put a bullet between the eyes of every panda that wouldn't screw to save its species...
Im looking for some madness tonite. Whos gonna help me find it!?
my back is fakin killin meeeeeeee! fml
Wuuuut uuuup celtics
Salem
Bukkake Panda!!!
Massage time!!!
I like to make wookie sounds. That is all for now :D
i kno really wtf
Gym for now then aquarium with the girly
Yogurt Pots! What a wretched mess!
Hey everyone, i just changed my cell #, ill contact everyone in a little bit
Doctors app with the madre then probably end up on a boat
What's done is done. Let's get up dust ourselves off and move forward. I don't care where, so long as its forward...
I am gonna set everything on fire
Beaaaach all day ked
Nahant! Bring bailey lol
Driving don't bother me!!!
bbbbplllaaaaarrggghhhh bored!
wickeeed bored. need to get outta the house. i think im gonna do that run i was talkin about earlier lol
shiiiiick

yea so am i so come get my ass lol
workin :(
wiiiiccckkkeeeeeed laaaaame ked
well i wanna go out :(
shiiiick wit it
if im not my cell# is on my FB
Who really gave a shit about Britney Murphy? So why would i care about her husband?
Today is far too nice to stay in! Running the Charles then idk! get at me
catching up on 24!
Huete ist für mich!!!
Wow I literally walk thru the door and the bs begins
U kno how it is maddieddiii
Fuckin commies!
Absolutely!!! :D
Shiiiiiiiiiiick 
IRENE!!!!
Are you a clam digger or something!?
I don't think businesses should be allowed to display foreign flags unless they are already displaying an American flag. Democrats need not comment :)
Gym again
bored....
Glorious day!!!
off to the gym!
Bleeeeeehhh why am I awake!?
blaaaaarrrrrrrgggggghhhhhhh
Is it full of myself to want u full of me?
Good faahkin mornin kiiiiiid
Booooooooooooze!!!!!
Burritos after sex are phenominal!!!!!!!!
Goddammit I'm sexxxyyy!!!
Awake nice and early
Avatar wuuuuut uuuup
My tattoo is complete!
Last day of class! Feelin way too damn good!
Shut yo sassy mouth!
deal mofo
get educated! REAL QUICK!!!!!!!
We're fuckin irene babyyyy!!!!!
Series finale of Lost wuuuuuut uuuuuup!!!!!!!
The homosexual oven comes to a close
Finally finished with all my finals! One more class and I'm done kiiid
does anybody kno how the fuck to use garage band?
Bitch make me a sandwich!!!!!
Wow wut a shitty night sleep
bfor bed i decided to download a few more new apps for my Android... i now have a Tarrets guy sound board with over a 100 different voice clips yes!
So Trent Reznor basically got tired of beating the shit outta the members of Nine Inch Nails so he decided to start new band with his wife Mariqueen Maandig.... hmmm wuts gonna happen when he starts beatin the crap outta her cuz shes stealin his spotlight
You taste like happy... all over :D
i was talkin about the calzone i order i swear! :p
i was tryin to pretend u were the calzone but it was too greasy :D
ur welcome hun :)
JUST ONE MORE TO GO AND IM DONE WITH SCHOOOOOL!!!!!
Chaos
Laaaaaame
omg fuck these papers
I need a goddamn burrito!!!!!
blaaaaarrrrrrgghh one more final!!!!!!!!!
How To Destroy Angels is something new by Trent Reznor and im looking foreword to it very much
ur a homosexual over... bitch :p
jk <3
Those sluts were excellent Ms. Wyse, the drinks were good too 
Fano speaks only in spite and jealousy
nigger cocks!!!!
FUUUUUUUUUCK
only u miss Snow ;p
pongage at the casa
ill only hurt you as much as you want :p
dont think i wont hit u in public
Its been. A while so tonite I'm gettin fahkin hammmmmmmmmmmmmmmid keeeed!!!!!!
Not all of us run on batteries
i should not b allowed to own a Google Droid. I cause way too much trouble :p
that does nothing for me nadia. i have an air horn and an AK-47, u only have one of those things and its not on ur phone and u possess it illegally
FUCKIN IRENE BABYYYY! I SAY AGAIN WE R IRENE!
giiitiin it iiiin
a few moments ago i was naked and wet. I hope that happens again tonight :p
This new Droid might be too much of a good thing... i just downloaded my first unnecessary app... Droid Air horn! wuuuuut uuuuup
absolutely! i also have a barcode scanner
the blackberry i can understand, i just finally woke up from that nightmare today my friend
Getting my droid finally waaaat uuuuup
i just really want to say that the latest episode of Lost sucked balls. I dont care about Jacob's origin or his Homosexual Oven of a brother who has no name for absolutely no reason! "I only picked one name." what kinda lame shit is that. And how the fuck did u not know u were having twins? C'mon really. Dont break my fuckin heart
Congratulations, you are now part of the problem...
I'm afraid of Americans... I'm afraid of the world... I'm afraid i cant help it
Up later than expected but time to go break stuff!!!! >:o
Sleep gym in the am then hopefully finishing my paper. Then Ironman 2 with the girly
VERONICA CORNINGSTONE AND I HAD SEX AND WE ARE IN LOVE! ....did I say that loud?
Love it when I tell the fam about accomplishments and they could give two shits
watching Lost to hopefully figure out wtf is going on with that homosexual oven
Now I know why. Yes now I know why... Things aren't as pretty on the inside
feelin pretty fuckin good lads! headin to the gym soon
Wow seriously? I legit got up at 530 arrived at the cape at 830 and now I'm done for the day. Wut a waste of my time
On my way to the cape. This is so fuckin gay. I sooo should still b in bed
There's always something isn't there?
just a minor setback :p
Y am I in Lynn? Wtf
nap time
Meg Snow's ass
Blaaaaaaarrrgggghhhhhaaaaahhhaaa
Just finished my Arabic final. please Republican Jesus gimme a break
about to take my god forsaken Arabic II final :( wish my luck. Republican Jesus grant me your wisdom
Fuck studying for this Arabic final! Blaaaarghhhhhaaahh
i want a new Tatt!
fuck these arabic notes! i want this final to go quick
I need an adult!
@Meg Snow's ass
Wuuuut uuuup McGriddle!!! I heart u so hard
school kiid kool kiiid
In the car with Fano listening to lady Gaga... Tell me how that's not gay.
Wut is this an episode of lost?
I an completely miserable San Diego
:(
Finally done with this bullshit. Headin home
This day just won't end and its been nothing but awful :(
This situation needs to unfuck itself right now
Wuuut uuup Colorado omlette! Thnx Republican Jesus
Nah brah thts Rocky Mountain oysters
So yea.... This has been quite an interesting night
YOU GOTTA BE SHITTIN ME THAT JUST FUCKIN HAPPENED!!! BRUINS TIE IT UP!
Havin a cup of coffee...or 6
Takin a nap while listening to NIN and rammstein
Nothing like some good burn the world down tunes to soothe the madness
oh Republican Jesus could u spare me the agony of the falter markets? Or at least help me get a a burrito
Gym gym
Liebe Ist fur alla da!
Boy do i feel great today!
Yea so I'm goin to bed now ;)
let me see u stripped down to the bone... let me hear you speaking just for me
oh Republican Jesus, help me wake up please?
Wtf I really don't wanna get outta bed >_<
thanks again be to republican jesus for ur divine awesomeness! wuuuut uuuup Republican Jesus! good nite ppl
baby baby baby im gonna leave yoouuuu....
OMG THAT HOMOSEXUAL OVEN ON LOST TOTALLY JUST MERCED THOSE DUDES!!!!
I'm confused :/
Wow wut the hell is goin on with everybody
I don't like change!
Absolutely
wuuut uuuup republican jesus
NO MORE CIGARETTES DAMMIT!!!
im really starting to get sick of these immigrants living in my house
I live in Everett man.. Where the hell am I gonna put that?
Ill call u Ajax
Thank you Republican Jesus for everything that is right and true and not homosexual or socialist/communist in this world!
id say bed in a few after a relaxing night with i minimum of sass :p
the things u do to me meg snow... i like it :p
@Meg Snow's ass
all i can say right now is holyyyy molyyyy!!!
wut up republican jesus?
Would u go down on Pandora's box
Oh man did I have a good night
?
Shower time! Dinner at the Casa tonite!
I hate junkies! >:o
i wake up this morning and of course Simba is being a total asshole
its  your fault he is here
U live with him.. See how u like it!
As soon as the water crisis is over I'm gonna stew him
good ppl back to the gym and school tomorrow.
I kno haha 
so um.... yea... is it okay to take a shower
thank you sssssssister beaton... ill have a large fry with that
So yea I just got back to the armory in Cambridge, be home soon to start a mini rampage
She's my little whiskey girl
On my way home! Thank Christ
Well I wasn't gonna piss in the tank
wuts the best way to tell someone u don't want to talk to them anymore because they've become a complete bitch and quite the whore?
Yea cuz I'm not a very blunt person lol
Splitting fucking headache from drinkin the lovely Cambridge water
yea! Another bullshit day. So done with this >:o
Finally gettin some rest. Long bs filled day. Missin my ppl, boozin' and the goats
Shut the Fuck up Mila 
I just realized I haven't taken a piss since 6 o'clock this morning... not good
Well I'm exhausted still hungry and covered in dust. Probably keep us up wicked late for no reason at all then wake up ridiculously early for reason. Love it
I wish all the ladies were holes in the road... And I was a dump truck... I'd fill em with my load
Absolutely :) its my favorite song
Shoot me in the fuckin foot! Llird
This is probably the gayest drill ever. I wanna go home jerk off and go to sleep.
Up way too early for drill. Thanx nicotine patch for the acid trip line up of dreams
had a good night :) drill til monday fml
Nightmare on Elm Street tonight! :D
purchasing a bunch of ridiculous republican merchandise :) fuck u liberals
go to www.therepublicanexpress.com
how am i being rude?
Did I studder?
Go back to Ur homeland... Oh wait u don't have one
Fml
Ppl who I point loaded weapons at
Were u scared?
U would've had serious facial trauma
I always get a good laugh when I go to Walgreens and a girl goes up to the register to buy toothpaste condoms and red bull :) ah America
but not better than CRAB BATTLE!
...i...i dont think ill be leaving this place alive
u would like this Talia u sicko
Why the Fuck are little 15 year old scumbags at the gym at this hour? So much for enforcing gym policy.
Get the lime ready...
Shovel...
why the fuck am i doin the dishes right now?!!!
thats ur dream maxi pad
goodnight world
goodnight panda
Its alright! Its alright! She moves in mysterious ways!
I love how the retarded African child living in my house almost set fire to my fucking kitchen by toasting a fucking bagel. Wtf?!
She's western and I have been nothing but nice miss snow
who is this fucking long-haired, hippy, liberal, communist democratic faggot fuck sitting next to us?!
I'm sitting on the train and there is a group of scumbag junkies discussing their theory about how the should keep their voices down because they think I'm an MBTA cop
I love it when my Madre tries to reintroduce me to ppl I haven't seen in 20 years and I have no clue who they are.
Heading to the gym then haircut. Fuckin Irene!
today was a little up and down but i'd say it ended on a pretty good note : )   Gonna watch last nights episode of Lost then sleeeeeep
consentiual sex only happens when two parties consent eachother. We were just two jack rabbits fuckin like hammmmmmid retahds!!!!
Government class til 1245
This isnt some homosexual game with a bunch of faggots slappin their dicks together! This is fucking war!
I really wish I could just have one night where I go to sleep and stay asleep :(
finishing up some homework, gym in the morning then school all day tomorrow followed by dinner at the mi casa
So yea i had a great weekend... then i became a victim of identity theft, then the stock market decided to kick me in the dick, then Meg Snow actually hit me in the dick, and then i find out the only reason my sister has straight A's is because none of the teachers check her work. Tomorrow is Wednesday. Wuuuut uuuup Wednesday?
it still hurt! lol
thanx u always kno how to brighten my spirits
paperclips?
sounds pretty sweet. i found a box twinkies in my closet from 2003. Yes, i ate some
I'm so glad I'm gonna be spending my weekend sleeping In a fucking thorn bush next to a goat pasture again!
Arabic class till 9
They might have found Noah's Ark! wuuuuuuuuut uuuuuuuuuup!
Snipers... Sure we can shoot u in the heart... But shootin ur Dick off instills fear in the enemy...
Why are there so many penis' on Newgrounds wtf?!!!!
i dont remember how the joke went, but your mothers a whore
Why did I decide it was a good idea to wear shorts
cuz i got a beeard dude
just finished a paper on arizona's new immigration bill. cant wait to discuss this on wednesday in a classroom thats 30% illegal aliens
yea im the lone republican once again
Dear producers of "Lost," WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?!!!!!?
catching up with Lost!
spolier: the homosexual oven eats babies
GET OFF MY LAWN!
i just kept a bunch of jabberin gooks of my lawn
goddamn democrats dont belong in a fuckin steakhouse!!!!
ITS TERRIBLE! HER EYES ARE BEAUTIFUL AND HER HAIR SMELLS LIKE CINNAMON!!!
if you own a 2009 cadallac escalade u should not be allowed to be qualified for welfare
Lol
I love how o just got identity theft for the second time
Citizens bank fucked with the wrong Greek!
Keine mitleid fur die mehrheit
No shit Sherlock!
Gettin fahkin hammmmmmmmid kiiiiid
I didn't save anybody... I just kept a bunch of jabbering gooks of my lawn
Wut r u spooks up to anyway
Relax zipperhead
Oh my god its metal gear!
I didn't save anybody... I just kept a bunch of jabbering gooks of my lawn
This horse is a diabetic!
@John Kakavoulis likes your status
Omg I feel like the orange line at 5 am
Time to get wet and naked :p
Never say never cuz ill do it again!
I got my violence and hi Def ultra realism... I got my fist I got my plan I got survivalism
how much clearer can be when i say FUCK OFF!!!?
Don't try to manipulate me... I'm not drunk yet
Finishing wut I began writing this morning then sleep. The chaos begins tonite babyy!
Shut up or give me a reason to listen
no but if i will if we talk about Uuuuuuuuuutzzzz!!!!
i was like whoooooaaa... u was like oooooooooooh
Since when does @Talia Iandolo tell High Counsel members when to not crack jokes
Its earth day let's start a tire fire!
That midget is on the eliptical again! Love it
Idk wut that means but okaaaaay!! :)
Yeah, I think I’m ready for the axe to grind. Got a point to prove and I never lose. Don’t for a second turn your back on me, You’re not getting off so easily. Once and for all put in your place. How loud can you get with my fist in your face?
Wow for the first time in a few days I woke up feelin great! Off to the gym
so much to but at loss for words which to speak... good night people
Me, Myself, the Panda and Irene
But ya gotta watch out cuz some MPs are queeeeeah
Military police lol
Pronounce it ull get it
Grab her by the bean...
school kid cool kid
Mi casa with the Panda.. Chinese food step brothers. Wuuuut uuuuup
Arabic class wicked laaame
$$$$
get in the flask!
football today then Arabic class
Hier kommpt die sonne... Sie iste der helste stern von allen...
Y am I so freakin awesome? :D
a long day but a good one. totally exhausted :)
Havin a blast at the range with Meg
"Iranian Cleric Says Promiscuous Women Are to Blame for Earthquakes."- Fox News Report. Fuckin primitive Persian scum
im so glad that Adm. Mullen is saying a military strike against Iran is an option...
getting my ass handed to me by a 6 yr old in Wii bowling fml
There are liberals everywhere!!!!
In the gym... Bein queeeeeah
Off to the gym to atone for my sins... yea im gonna be there a while. Chaos tonite!
so yea.... im goin to bed now. Thanx Meg for the fuckin nap!
ATTENTION! THE PANDA IS HAMMMMMMMMMID!!!!
dont hate
i think this week is about the Panda!
The island Is a homosexual oven?!
i need your discipline... ineed your help... cuz once i start cannot stop myself
yea yea but im drop dead gorgeous!
WHY WAS THERE BACON IN THE SOOOOUP!!!!????
watchin some more Lost :D
spoiler its not really an island
spoil the island is a homosexual oven
FUUUUUCK YOOOOUUUU
Why in gods name am I awake right now?!
catchin up with some Lost. INTENSE!!!!
What if i told u i thought of u as just a single serving friend?
studying some Arabia then idk
not at the moment
i think it should b mandatory that everytime Muse puts out an album Tiesto has to remix it!!! all in favor say aye!
this is why ur not on the high counsel Margret :p
my apologies. maybe if my secretary would do her fuckin job id b on top of these things
about 3-4 weeks ago
you sweetie :p
ugh u seem like a smart girl i thot u knew : )
its not like its a bad thing lol
u r a difficult one Miss Snow... worse than Talia
Ha! ur a funny one one! :p
ur a Sgt. Josh Pickett, and in my book u may say wutever u want. and Megs not a turd, shes a democrat!
absolutely.
your a dirty lib!
or wut? :p
whoa hold the fuckin phone! you mean to tel me you work in a fuckin steakhouse, and your a FUCKIN DEMOCRAAAAAT!!!!!
whats goin on world? seriously?
this weather is crampin' my style
i dont need ur sass!!!
thats wut she said
ya such a crabby patty maddie!!!
not tonite kiiiid
i thought i was a macho man
i meant it as a compliment :(
ru fahkin animals makin plans on my facebook status and not even consulting me?
absolutely
but i gotta take it easy
when you stare at the sun what do you see?
done gettin hammmmmmmmmmid for a while kiiid
seriously dude im bout to fall off the back of this high speed camel
remember this one piece of knowledge Josh, women are like camels.
that and other things....
howard uv never even seen a camel hav u?
cuz some pumpkins are queeeeeeeeeeeah
ive seen your mom
START PUSHIN TIL I GET TIRED!!!!
GET DOWN YAAAANZE
this dayyyy is so gorgeous kiiiiiid
Sleeping naked is the only way to sleep :)
Note to self: Billy you drink too fuckin much!!!
i just wanna say how fucking shiiiiiiiiiick DJ Tiesto's remix of Resistance by Muse is!!!!!!
Well we're goin
So Ive almost made my decision about the Police....
no public announcement yet  my friend. But i hold the #1 slot for everett and the #11 for MBTA Police
thanks man
that means im buyin more food, more dishes, more you cleanin em Talia!
ya such a fahkin sweethaaaaht
absolutely lol but forgot an M
Dup Dup
Heres a great idea! Lets start a war!
Absolutely
of to the gym :)
sleep in a little bit. As always thanx for everybody comin by tonite and happy bday Fano! almost down to 100 days left so lets not waste 'em!
You're a stripper u aint goin no where!.... I'm a dancer! I'm gonna be a star!
Ya might get get choked out
Kein Mitleid für die Mehrheit!!!
you got me wonderin why i like it rough...
omg im exhausted! school in the am! happy bday fano
THIS GUY JUST FOUND OUT HE PLACED #1 FOR EVERETT POLICE AND #11 FOR MBTA POLICE!!!!! WUUUUUUUUUUT UUUUUUUUUP!!!!!
is mbta still on hiring freeze?
this is literally the hardest decision i have ever had to make...
would you bite the hand that feeds? would ya chew until it bleeds? would ya get up off your knees? are ya brave enough to see? do ya wanna change it?
so ive been outta the game for a bit... so i need some ideas for this weekend! No lame shitt!!!!
We're all living in Amerika! Coca Cola WonderBra
Home finally!
Class dismissed babyyy!!!
If opposites attract... Then that means I'm gonna end up marrying a fuckin Democrat... Fml
KEEP RUNNING YOU LONG HAIRED HIPPY LIBERAL COMMUNIST FAGOT FUCK!!!
I don't respect those ppl
Democrats
I want this day to get over quickly so I can get home :(
Up at the taint of dawn again... Taint is before the ass crack so yea fml
Just realized that 3 yrs ago today began the worst two months of my life
Alejandro is a song by lady gaga thts basically states she's a whore for Spanish guys
I need a freakin massage this week! Hands down its happenin!
You Don't say that!!
Take the results of ur own orgasm and fuckin deal with it! Lmfao! Opey&Anthony
I am seriously battling falling asleep in this god forsaken class!
I wanna open up my pool this week!!!
This is already becoming wicked laaaame
Yea I death by power point
ugh... i so dont wanna be awake right now. FML :(
If today was your last day,And tomorrow was too late,Could you say goodbye to yesterday?  Would you live each moment like your last? Leave old pictures in the past?Donate every dime you have? If today was your last day...
Ya funny kiiid
Stefano Guido Veneziale's freakin bday wednesday kiiid! Might just burn the world down for the fuck of it!!!!
I am so fuckin tired and soar and i really dont feel like getting up at 4 to go back to the cape til tuesday! somebody kidnap me!
Wow the army just got a whole lot gayer... Holy shit fml
would I lie about something this big you fahkin animals?
I am back to at the armory in Cambridge after an awesome night spent next to a goat pasture! Seriously I don't know wut I was thinking...
there's one at my armory keeed
Where they keep goats bro... And how u ask... The Massachusetts National Guard
Its also something ppl wud expect of me lol
Um... Not so much anymore I think they were taunting me all night. I couldn't sleep :(
so yea just got done with vehicle roll over drills. Time to go freeze my ballz off all night in the thorn bushes. Wakin up at 5 to walk 9 miles with all my shit.. This has been awesome. Fml
Totally goin IRENE when I get done with drill kiiid
Got the team in the humvee suns a shinin and the breeze on my face :)
We're gonna go fast!
I'm so hungry I could eat an 8yr old illegal immigrant
Lmao
Its 35 degrees everything is wet my sleeping bAg stinks and I'm layin in a thorn bush... Thanks Army your the best
There's always that one person tht jumps into ur head and u can't get them out no matter what.
I'm so glad I'm cramp on this bus w. 80 guys for 2 hrs to go sleep in the mud and wake up a 5am to accomplish absolutely nothing!
I love how i asked when the rain was supposed to stop and the answer i get is, "At some point." The homosexuality of this drill weekend has already began.
yea b prepared to see me with a different attitude a tan, and glasses
FARMVILLE IS GAYYYY!!! LIKE PLANET FITNESS!!!
ugh if only i was on that damn cruise today fml
Dup dup dup 
Im so pumped about sleepin in the rain and mud tonite and tomorrow and accomplishing absolutely nothing. Yup im done
i told luv i have drill all weekend and im gonna being sleepin outside in the rain so fml :(
idc anymore and if they do let us sleep im goin in a vehicle
its fuckin stupid and they want me to go down to camp edwards for mon-tues for some gay class. im not doin it. i have term papers due and i dont have a ride
Thanks everyone for comin tonight! 112 days left and I'm gonna try to enjoy everyone of them. Someone was missin tonight but that's alright ill see them soon enough! Teddy Williams everybody
I did the drinks were good too ;)
draaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaanks!!!!!
So lets get it over and just get naked....uh i mean hammmmmmmmmid!!!!
BHCC's finest at mi casa once again for another round of chaos before i goes to drill!
Due to this lovely weather i have decided to stop wearing underwear til further notice. Thank You that is all for now
u love it!
Scotch! Scotch! Scotch! I love Scotch!
absolutely!
Mia u don't kno me but I'm Joshs cousin and I hav 113 days left in this country and I intend to meet u bfor I leave
Don't listen to him he's a goon and he's comin with me to Afghanistan
u had better get small walshie
get small
Stay classy San Diego. Im Ron Burgandy?
I love how i get completely hammmmmmid and wake up and my house is spotless. But wut i love even more is that Talia Iandolo and Meg Snow did the fuckin dishes!!! 114 days to go baby! Wuuuuuut uuuuup!!!
I'm sorry Champ I ate your chocolate squirrel...
Next weekend we're goin to RI and we're impregnating a Panda!!!
Maaaaaaaw the man punted baxterrrr!!!!
I WANNA POKE THE PANDAAA!!!
You've got me wonderin why i like it rough...
haha too funny
wants to swim with those fuckin dolphins kiiid!
oh man wut kinda mess have i gotten myself into? :/
got completely hammered last night lol
haha no way ;)
ill keep that in mind lol. wen ru bringin ur pretty behind down here to see meeee?
Hungover roadmarch with a 50lb bag on my back to fanos
Absolutely
Can somebody plz tel me...WUT THE FUCK happened last night because i have absolutely no memory of it?
Holy crap...wtf
gatherin at the casa tonight... Talia Iandolo is doing the dishes or shes done kiid! And of course Meg refused to make us a pie so sorry Fano :(
I told her I had an oven lol
Dup dup dup
i have absolutely no clue wut happened last night
Talia, Meg thanx for doin the dishes. Meg for the eggs and Brian for the indoctrination. Fano Kaka Dino, stay classy you sexy sons of bitches. ill be at school soon.... Meg ill b hungry
Lunch with Maddie and Fano and some queeeer
Not this guy
These fuckin queers are watchin Anime at the gym...and again tht fuckin midget is on the elyptical..wtf
No I wish tho 
Hey ya pricks do ur research so u can get me snookie
Off to the gym bright and early
I'm awesome
FUCKIN IRENE BABY!!
Clash of the Titans tonight! Wuuut uuuup
That Mac n cheese was immaculate like the virgin fucking Mary!!!
Wut can I say? I'm a man who sees something he likes. And wen a man like me likes something, he goes after it :)
Hammmmmmmmmmmid
U broke my heart Meg :(
Jk lol nah but I was bummed out u didn't come by...we had to take fanos keys lol
Distracted huh? Tisk tisk...
Wut weird status' miss "I'm always right"
Oh god Meg u truly r the woman of my dream lmao
I love it when I try to give someone helpful advice and they refuse to accept it..Then cuz they're immature they go out and do something stupid and regrettable out of spite. Love it
oh I have my friend but I try not to bail on ppl
Oh peeps wuuut uuuup! Happy Easter everybody
headin to the gym to fuck shit up!
Somebody should seriously adopt me for the day!!!
i feel like a fahkin puppy in a window... only sexier!
and the mayhem begins!!!!!!!!
Ladies and gentleman, Gary Peluso and i need your support in establishing a social setting in which can successfully get hammmmmmid tonight! Thank you
imagine a world without AIDS... Now imagine a world without beer.. Which would you prefer?
heading to the gym to ATONE for my sins
again I say, "women are like camels!"
wuuuut uuuup
absoluely

Alright keep me posted on wuts goin on so I don't end up drinkin a bottle of Jack alone like a sad bastard 
headin out to get draaaaaaank
just bought a shit ton of oakley stuff headin back to the gym to account for my sins
wutever ya fahkin camel
Home for a little while then continuing my boozin streak!
"Women are like camels."
ask Meg lol
im in the fahkin gaaaahd kiid lol
:'(
ye ye
lmao thnx
i think im gonna get hammmmmid tonight
oh if only...
like a fuckin razor kiiid
Beeeeaaaahss! And wings wuuut uuuup
There just might b
Faaaaaahk u officer/seargrant
so apparently on Friday night after i stomped on that dudes head, he pulled up in his buddies car and said: "Why dont you come throw down with me now you abecrombie & fitch model?!" I dont know if he was tryin to insult me or compliment my looks. Wuuuut uuuup
Who taunts somebody by calling them an Abecrombie fitch model honestly?
bed time wut a wonderful night
well welcome to the rest of my life
Hey princess Patricia fuckin can it
Ill @Gary Peluso@ ur face
Who said that lol was it those kids in the car lol
I'm serious who said that? I was hammmid
just dont think ill get what i want this this time..
wow wut a shitty day :(
wut a well deserved lazy day : )
Teddy Williams!
theres a mayo baby running around my house!!!
i dooooooo
absolutely not!!!
ur face is soft! uh oh shouldnt say that my aunt might get mad lol
im so glad my family cant put petty differences aside...especially when im leavin for Afghanistan in less than 5 months!
Thnx lil Hussein love ya
Sssssister Beaton ur ssswelcome
id like to thank my family for ruining my last Easter here for over a year.
bored as fuuuuuck!
i just dont know what to do anymore
welp...we're in a bit of a pickle now aren't we
Go ahead and fake it...i kno that u can hear this...go ahead and fake it. Why cant u turn and face me? why cant u turn and face me? why cant u turn and face me? You fuckin disappoint me!
hung over as fuuuuuuuck
jesus christ man. fuckin brandon spencer kid, i was just tossin bodies off of him crazy
and u accidentally spit in my face
yea werent we all. i stomp on a dudes head lol
tonight just might get a little crazy ; )
mila get ur ass here tonite
Everybody chill! I got this!
heros dont need plans heroes need action!
its cuz im the shit
headin to the gym to fuck shit up!
KILL BACON KILL! KILL KILL MY ARTERIES! KILL!
BEAAAHS! BEEEAAAAHHS! BEEEEEAAAAAHHHHHS! BEEEEAAAAAAAHHHHS!!!!
Idk dude no ones around
In down for wutevs
Duo dup dup
Absolutely
beautiful day...gym then school then idk..
schoool kid coool kid all day!!! fml
Anybody interested in being an extra in a Zombie Movie?
extras only PP! and smurph ur too young sssss
Yeeeesssss
I let u know. Figured ud b down lol
Ill.  Get ppl details dup 
Hey motherfucker ill do it wen I feel like dup dup
its so easy to look the other way...its even easier not to look at all. People lose either way
workin on some papers after a shitty night sleep and waking up to this lovely weather.
Teddy Williams!!!
has absolutely no fucking clue what is going on fml
a kid came up to me at the gym and asked me how i got in shape, i told him i step into the weight room and immediately hate everything. :)
that was ur contract mine is so that way i can kick ur ass
yea then i'd b pretty fucked
headin to the gym to get myself back in productive mode then writing my paper til i see my clam <3
whoooaaa back to school back to school!
about to goin for a run then back for some tortellini! whaaaat uuuup
i woke up this morning, in some japanese family's rec-room, and they would not stop screaming.
note to self: its okay to have a few Jager Bombs, but to drink them all night consistantly is a tragedy waiting to happen!
last thing i remember is talkin to TJ and thinkin "hey, im gettin drunker, but im not drinkin." then, lights out lol
holy fucking shit i am booooored
but you gotta watch out, cuz some pumpkins are queer
youll b the baddest dude in revere
when u call ask about our lay away plan for people in lynn!
beaahs! beeeaaahs!! beeeeaaaahhhss!!! beeeeaaaaahhhhhss!!!
so uh...yea...just watched the new lady gaga video and.... well im at a loss for words. Once again idk if that was sexy or scary
oh definately
wtf?
Looking for some chaos for the day!!! Whos down for booooozin?
headin to the gym to work off last night and make up for what ever chaos happens tonite :)
today is fuckin glorious! hit me up and lemme kno wuts goin on today!
straight up hi-def-ultra gangsta trippin'!
dup wuut uup
I am in serious need of boozin tonite!
gymskies for a couple hours then home to work on my paper about how i hate illegal aliens and they should b shot. uh then idk hopefully booozin!
ud be proud iv been studying :)

wut ru doin sunday we should meet up
awake nice and early after a good night sleeeep <3
im so fuckin out of it today
i still got some!
wtf happened to u last night anyway
Doh dup dude!
its really gonna take a good show of faith this time, otherwise....
At the Peluso factory, medling means of madness! whaaaat uuuup!
BEAAHHSS! BEEEAAAHHHSS!! BEEEAAAAAHHHHSS!!!! BEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHSS!!!!
U should come by
so its a little up in the air right now, but Gary and myself with bring mayhem to this glorius day!
headin to the gym soon, beautiful St. Patty's day so hit me up and let blow this day away!!!!
ok so...its St. Patty's day (just realized it) and i am wondering what this beautiful day will bring! BEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAHHHHHSSS!!!
WTF IS GOIN ON TODAY PEOPLE!?
beeeeaaaahs and bowlin tonight!!!!
dude ur tapped kiid
dont make me put a fire under that aaaaaasssss!!!
im wearing shorts and my favorite pair of underwear, the suns shinin' wwhat a great day!
gun fire in the street, where we used to meet, echos at a beat, and the base goes bomb! right over my head, step over the dead, remember wut u said, you know the part about liiiiife
yea wuuut uuupp
Today is gonna be an awesome day! i kno it
boozin at garys bowlin madness tomorow with my clam
Is tht good or bad
kowloon's tonight with Gary causing mayhem all night!
blaaaaarrrrg i wanna get outta here!!!!
this weather fahkin bloooooows
tonight ima get draaaank and punch every rain drop square in the face
watchin some lost on hulu wuuut uuup! beeahs later
looks to me like someone is caught between a rock and a hard place ;)
im so glad my basement is flooded and i have no hot water....fml
beaaahs beeeahhhs beeeeaahss!!!
ur house? melissas d
sounds good
cold showeerrrr wuuuut uuuuup
theres no hot water ass

fuck that
sure has been one hell of a weekend. tomorrow srping break is on baby! goodnight world
FFXIII Disc 2 whaaaaat uuuup!!!!
You make me hard when im all soft inside...i see the truth when im all stupid iiiiii....the arrow goes straight through my heart...without everything just falls apart -Nine Inch Nails
Ladies and Gentleman, might I remind all of you its spring break and the designated time of year to fuck shit up! So lets destroy this week!
beahhs fire trucks, lots of gasoline whaaat uuuup
u better quit slackin melissa!
BEEEEEEEEEAAAAAHS!!!!!!!!!
doh dup then party kiiiid
u fuckin love it!!!!!
relax gar its all good
We are addicted to the things we hate
im so glad that in every photo from friday night i look completely hammmmmmmmmmmmid!!!!!!!
your face is a closet homo
wakiey wakey eggs and bacey
on the train to Providence to see the best of pals!!!
i got a bad feeling about all of this
dont worry gary nothing too bad
your out there with him somewhere! oh god i wanna b that someone that youre with!
I just wanna put it out there that im a badass, bout to play some FFXIII, boobs and booze tonite, whuuuut uuuup! then RI tomorrow for a long overdue reunion with the best dudes ive ever known!
screeeeeeeeeeeach!
kid u should come down tonite!
wtf?!
ur weird dude...and why didnt u accept my parent request ya fuckin dem
See ya there kiiid
Gym to make up for all the destruction and boozin and boobies tonite!!!
ya d broskie?
ur not goin tonite?
doh dup duddeeee
beaaaahs and boobs beeeahhs and boobs! everyoneloves beeeaaahss and boobs!!
cant sleeeep :(
decided to drown my troubles the healthy way...FFXIII
Wuuuuuut?!
I did and its faahkin shiiiiick
I got it for xbox its good
No sir. That shits too pricey
$60 its a trippy storyline so far but its good
U just might die wen u play it!
Nah
holy hangover........fml
dude the last thing i remember was an epic fall on the table lol
there was tequila? wtf
Yea I didn't realize there was so much boooooze til this morning
id just like to say alcohol is wonderfuuuuuul
I have decided that my spring break starts NOOOOOOOOWWWW!!!!!!!!!!
steaks and beahs, steaks and beahhs, oh wut up steaks and beahs!!!
leavin school soon then headin to the peluso factory lil later
maybe you're better off this way...
Im so glad everything is sooo wonderful >:o
i kno
ur absolutely right Sarah ;)
showerin then headin to school, pissed
welp its decided im wearin shorts today!!!!!
stuffin my face with spagetti and CLAAAAM sauce
im growin a fuckin beard dude!!!
finished up my abs, showerin and headin to school
feelin like shiitand the Oscars fucking suck
I really fuckin hate ppl in Everett!!!!! god help them if i become a cop
walkin to taco bell like a fat kid on a suicide mission!!!
i am soooo effin hungry and there is no food in my house
dup dup dup
this just keeps getting better and better
wut a day...
i think my liver is gonna bail on me soon... why the fuck do i keep going to the gym just a few hours after excessive boozin? Cuz im fuckin awesome thats why!
seriously does anything good ever happen in the world anymore? holy shit
WHATS GOOD FOR TODAY PPL?!
Yeah, I think I’m ready for the axe to grind! Got a point to prove and I never lose! Don’t for a second turn your back on me! You’re not getting off so easily! Once and for all put in your place! How loud can you get with my fist in your face?
dup dup dup dup dup! dats my life!!!!
im a guy with a short fuse but knows how to keep it cool....well things are starting to get a little bit to hot for my liking
wow i totally forgot my dads birthday was two days ago...wow fml seriously
drill tonite but that wont stop me from excessive amounts of alcohol consumption
Ich wünsche Ihnen noch liebte mich. Nun bin ich allein, verängstigt, und ich weiß nicht mehr was zu tun ist. Egal, was ich immer lieben werden Sie, M.
Liebe ist fur alle Da!
well that run made me feel a little better
ughhh feeling like a bag a crap right now fml
hey u liberal fuck...how loud can u express ur opinion with my fist in ur face? Headin to the gym...gonna steal the liberty tax guys sign on the way
I always hi five him lol
I'm like wut up liberty tax guy...he's like "shiiiit" all chilled out a blacklike
whoooa hold the fuckin phone....U mean to tell me you work in a fucking steakhouse and you're a fuckin Democrat?!!!!
at gary's booooooozin kiiid
headin to the Peluso Factory in a bit with Priscilla
you and i, we may look the same. but we arte vwery far apart. theres bullet hole where my compasion used to be...and there is violence in my heart
are u there god, its me juiceboxxx. i need a little help. i might have got in some trouble again. and yes i kno u helped me last week but.... c'maaaaaaaahhhn!!!!!
booooooooooooooooooooooze booooooooze boooooooooooooze kid
just bn a sad bastid at mi casa lol
na bro
i was countin on u lol
lol
wen?
u mean to tell me ur throwin a bash and didnt invite me...u fuckin democrat
u serious? lets do it up
wuts ur numbre
i feel like my brain is swelling in my skull and my eyes r gna pop out. whhhaaat uuup
well things just got a lot worse.
is now just simply waiting for August...
?
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am really still up writing this paper....i am not doing this again fml
fuck u "Jihad vs. McWorld" you suck
okay... what the fuck is "Lebanonization?!" i have Googled, Wiki'd , Ask.com'd, Binged, no definition? Fuck you internet search engines.
headin to the gym to exercise my aggression!
good night ya faaaahks!
and remember, no mercy for the masses!
no peace without justice and that for real!
so lets get it over and just get naked...
You know, I really do not like the way things are in our political system. In Everett, Boston, Massachusetts, everywhere. I think when Pat Walsh and I get back from Afghanistan, we're going to start changing things.
whooa, hold the fucking phone! u mean to tell me u work in a fuckin steakhouse, and ur a fuckin DEMOCRAT?!!!
eating like a fat kid at friendlys
Yeah, I think I’m ready for the axe to grind! Got a point to prove and I never lose! Don’t for a second turn your back on me! You’re not getting off so easily! Once and for all put in your place!How loud can you get with my fist in your face?
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!?!!!!!!!!!
thanks heather :)
welp fuck u Canada
Damit ihr wisst wie es ist in der Hölle zu sein Damit ihr wisst wie es ist nach Erlösung zu schreien Nur deshalb komm ich zurück Mit flammendem Blick Ich nehm das letzte Streichholz Und verbrenne eure schöne heile Welt
So you'll know how it is to be in hell. So you'll know how it is crying out for salvation. The only reason I come back. With flaming eyes. I'll take the last match and burn your beautiful ideal world. 
Gott ist ein Popstar!!
All The Humor Pun And Wit...A Heaping Steamin’ Pile Of Shit...With A Smile And A Wink, We Make Believe Our Poop Don’t Stink!!!!
Yeah, I think I’m ready for the axe to grind! Got a point to prove and I never lose! Don’t for a second turn your back on me! You’re not getting off so easily! Once and for all put in your place! How loud can you get with my fist in your face?
pizza and chicken breast for breakfast! whhhhaaat uuupp
soooooooooo fucking boreddd FML
You think you’re better, two steps ahead! You got a long, long way to go! Shut that hole up in your face! With your foot in mouth, do more harm than good! Not the measure, above all things! What I aspire to! Watch your step, don’t lose your head! You might just get what’s coming to you
its alright! its alright! she moves in mysterious ways...
boats and hos
Blindsided By Audacity Of A Handsome Crook From GermanyA Million Sheets Of Patient Paper Chronicle His Every CaperYou Never Had Us Figured OutLent Stature Relevance And CloutEven Called Us Pioneers When Really We Were Privateers
in a world of deciet open your eyes! >what we do for you is so good for you! Dont be afraid and youll realize!!! >what you do for me is so good for me!!! One way or another now or later, bow down and worship the true creator! take a good look inot the masses; bend over backwards and kick some asses!!!  Kein Mehrheit Für Die Mitleid!!!
I woke up this morning, in some Japanese family's rec-room...and they would not stop screaming
hey for all u retards who are ranting and raving about Brown's vote for the Jobs Bill, maybe you should actually read them. Yeah im upset too but at least i know what i am upset about. Read the fucking bills before you just decide you dont like them
i dont care
Thank you Josh its about time someones got their head on right about this.
Dosvidanija! Ciao! Adieu! Hasta la vista! I'm on my way! Goodbye! Sayonara! Auf Nimmer wiedersehen! Over and out!And down the drain!
synchin my niw ipod that the clam gave me :)
uuggghhh bed time...class all day tomorrow fml
but at least i dont work :p
Whooooaa easy there mad hattaah
why am i not tired? wtf over
ur tapped kiiid
im gonna burn down ur house and watch liz blame you for it
if i dont respond its because im pouring gasoline on ur house
Dosvidanija! Ciao! AdieuHasta la vista! I'm on my way!Goodbye! Sayonara! Auf Nimmer wiedersehen! Over and out! And down the drain!
facing our consequence...this is the beginning
i did nothing wrong. Nothing
great no music at the gym. how the fuck am i supposed to focus on hating the world
heading to the gymskies!!!
waitin for my love to arrive at mi casa then movies!!!!!!!!!!!!
is a professional killer
i am
boozin tonite
cant you want, cant breath,cant you trip like i do?
yup all my fault
is hi-def-ultra-gangsta-trippin!!!!
Republicans can be Macs too
facebook....stop suggesting disgusting ppl to be my friend
at school all fuckin day
so yea i definitely got a 98 and 100 on the civil service exam. whhatt uuup
Kein Mehrheit Für Die Mitleid!!!
Sprechen sie Dueschte?
Yeah lol
No but my friend does and we get a general idea wen we speak
No but my friend does and we get a general idea wen we speak. I'm takin Arabic now
"Kein Mehrheit Für Die Mitleid" (No pity for the majority) In other words: GO FUCK YOURSELF!!!
watching Lost...wtf is going on
at school kid cuz ima cool kid
silence
monkey
pencil
nice nil
idk i heard it on internet poker once
yea lol
so i came straight to school after an hour an a half at the gym...maybe thats why nobody wants to sit near me. fuck em
holy shiiiit. finally finished that nonsense paper.
